Darkness, BLOOD-CURDLING SCREAMS. Presentation credits roll as we
	FADE UP ON:

	INT. HOSPITAL, INNER-CITY TRAUMA WARD - NIGHT

	It's 1967, the Summer of Love and --

	BOOM! Entry doors swing open as PARAMEDICS wheel in a FEMALE BLEEDER,
	VANESSA (20s, black, nine months pregnant). She's deathly pale,
	spewing founts of blood from a savagely slashed throat -- 

	A SHOCK-TRAUMA TEAM swarms over her, inserting a vacutainer into an
	artery to draw blood, wrapping a blood pressure cuff around her
	arm --

				NURSE #1
			(with stethoscope)
		She's not breathing!

				SENIOR RESIDENT
		Intubate her!

	The RESPIRATORY THERAPIST feeds an endotracheal tube down the woman's
	ruined throat, attaches that to an Amblu bag --

				RESIDENT
		Blood-pressure's forty and falling --

	The woman starts spasming violently. It takes three staff members
	just to hold her down.

				SENIOR RESIDENT
		Jesus, her water's broken --
			(calling for help)
		She's going into uterine contractions --

	CAMERA PUSHES IN on the woman as she bolts upright, SCREAMING to wake
	the dead. We PLUNGE INTO the darkness of her mouth and find
	ourselves --

	INSIDE HER BLOODSTREAM

	The sound of a HEART BEATING, pounding as we whip-snake through --

	CORPUSCLES 

	floating in amber plasma. Erythrocytes, leukocytes, neutrophils and
	eosinophils. 

	The rhythmic expansion of the artery walls, pulsing with each
	successive surge of blood as the HEART BEATS FASTER AND FASTER,
	taking us --

	IN UTERO,

	A CHILD, alive but unborn, shifting in a sea of amniotic fluid,
	surrounded by the white, protective substance known as vernix
	caseosa. The HEARTBEAT races like a locomotive now. The unborn child
	shifts, turns its head towards us --

	-- and opens its eyes.

	CUT TO:

	A SWORDBLADE

	cleaving the darkness, radiant light slicing across gleaming Damascus
	steel. Words acid-etched in the weapon's fine-tempered surface:

	BLADE

	Main credits end.

	EXT. INNER CITY, INDUSTRIAL GHETTO - NIGHT

	A decaying no man's land populated by condemned buildings and HUNGRY
	HOMELESS. Steam rises from manhole covers, drifting across the
	litter- lined streets. Suddenly --

	A black Mercedes 850 appears over the crest of a hill, ROARING past
	us, stereo system belting out FILTER.

	INT. MERCEDES - NIGHT

	Raquel, a wasp-wasted woman, sits behind the wheel. 20s, rich,
	sickeningly attractive. Hungry eyes. 

	Squirming around in the passenger seat is DENNIS, a model/actor boy-
	toy with a sub-zero IQ and a "fuck me sideways" grin. 

				DENNIS
		So where we going?

				RAQUEL
		It's a surprise. 

				DENNIS
		I likes surprises. 

	Raquel eyeballs Dennis -- "if looks could devour". 

				RAQUEL
		What do you have down there, little 
		man?

				DENNIS
		Heat-seeker.

				RAQUEL
		I'll bet.

	Raquel slides a manicured hand up his thigh, squeezes his groin.
	Dennis MOANS. She pulls her hand away, downshifts.

	EXT. VACANT LOT - NIGHT

	The 850 threads a narrow alley into a vacant lot, BRAKES hard. Raquel
	and Dennis climb out. She leads him into --

	EXT. MEAT PACKING PLANT - NIGHT

	Industry never sleeps, and certainly not this grisly facility. Raquel
	leads Dennis around the back of the plant, where a host of WORKERS
	are loading refrigerated trucks with product.

				DENNIS
		What the fuck are we doing here?

	Raquel just smiles, heads on into the plant via a loading door. The
	workers ignore her.

	INT. MEAT PACKING PLANT - NIGHT

	Dennis follows Raquel through the bowels of the plant, catching
	glimpses here and there of carcasses being rendered or hacked apart. 

	Through one partially open door we see what might be a line of
	BODYBAGS being trundled into the back of a truck via a hook and chain
	pulley-system. But Dennis doesn't have enough time to be disturbed by
	the vision, because he's being pulled away by Raquel, led down --

	A STAIRWELL

	We are in the basement now. At the end of the hall is a steel door,
	with perhaps, just the faintest HINT OF MUSIC heard coming from
	beyond. Raquel knocks.

	A "peep-hole" slat opens and a BLACK LIGHT shines into Raquel's eyes.
	A VOICE behind the door offers a verbal challenge, speaking a
	language we've never heard, laced with a devilish cadence. 

	Raquel responds in kind. The door opens. Raquel gives Dennis a
	knowing wink, enters. Dennis follows. 

	INT. CLUB - NIGHT

	Raquel and Dennis move past a hulking DOORMAN, making their way down
	a narrow stairway. Dennis is suitably impressed.

	THE CLUB 

	is elite, underground -- an "abattoir-chic" version of an old-time
	juke joint with a greasy, dangerous vibe. White-tiled walls and
	floors for easy hosing, chromed fittings, run-off gutters, drains. No
	bar.

	BODIES 

	writhe on the strobe-lit dance floor. A heavy S&M scene. Leather.
	Latex. Tattoos. Body-piercings.

	A D.J. wearing head-mounted spotlights orchestrates the tunes on
	twin- decks. MUSIC assaults us -- a beat so heavy it could jar the
	fillings from your teeth. Brutal "DARKCORE" along the lines of
	Prodigy or Underground. 

	Raquel pulls Dennis out onto the dance floor. They sway. 

	A lupine-featured GAULTIER GIRL with a streak of white running
	through her raven hair moves in behind Dennis, pressing up against
	him. Rachel Williams as the Angel of Death -- we'll call her MERCURY.

	Mercury flicks her tongue against Dennis' ear -- it's been pierced
	with a silver post which clicks against her teeth. Tattooed across
	her back in black is a swirling, tribal vortex. 

	Dennis is now sandwiched between Raquel and Mercury, the three of
	them dry-humping their way to every man's glory. 

	The beat gets LOUDER. The action heavier. The atmosphere more
	narcotic. People are stripping off their clothes, sweating like
	fiends. It's a virtual orgy.

	Dennis laughs, reveling in the hedonism. Everything rises to a fever
	pitch --

				DENNIS
			(over the music)
		Fuck, I need a drink!!!

	Raquel just smiles -- then Dennis notices a DROP OF SOMETHING spatter
	his hand. It looks like blood. Dennis looks up, concerned --

	-- MORE BLOOD DROPLETS are falling. Raquel's face is sprinkled with
	them now. Dennis stops dancing. What is this? Some kind of fucked up
	performance art?

	Raquel turns her face toward the ceiling, as if washing herself in a
	summer shower, now the other club goers are looking up too --

	BLOOD SHOWERS DOWN

	from sprinkler heads in the ceiling, drenching the dancers. The club
	goers love it, thrusting their heads back, mouths open wide to
	receive the crimson offering. 

	Horrified, Dennis recoils, turning towards --

	RAQUEL,

	whose face morphs into a preternatural snarl. Her canines extend,
	tapering to razor-sharp points. Her tongue flicks, lizard-like as
	fingernails sharpen into claws. All this while the whites of her eyes
	BLEED RED, pupils oscillating hypnotically. 

				RAQUEL
		What's wrong, baby?

	Dennis SCREAMS, pushes away from Raquel, only --

	-- Mercury has fangs now too. In fact, everyone in the club does,
	with the exception of poor Dennis. That's because they're all
	vampires.

	Dennis tries to run, but the burly Doorman blocks his exit, brutally
	smashing his fist into Dennis' face. 

	Dennis falls, dazed. The club-goers close in around him. They make a
	game of it, shoving him from one person to another, their pale faces
	leering like twisted jack-o-lanterns.

	The strobe lights quicken to a seizure-inducing intensity. Dennis
	spins, tumbling into Raquel's arms. She shoves him forward -- Dennis
	lands on the floor, falling at someone's boot-clad feet. He looks up.
	A DARK FIGURE sits in the shadows, unnoticed until this moment. The
	figure stands, moves into the light as time screeches to a halt -- 

	A BLACK MAN, 

	towers above Dennis, wearing dark glasses and a leather longcoat -- a
	sneer of cruel contempt etched upon a face tempered by a lifetime of
	horror. His name is BLADE.

	Blade whips open his long coat, shrugging it off, revealing an
	arsenal of high-tech weapons strapped to his body: 

	6-point adjustable body armor, a modified CAR-15 assault rifle with
	an ultra-violet entry light, two Casull .454 revolvers, a "Demon"
	automatic cross-bow, a bandoleer of mahogany stakes, an Indian-style
	katar punching dagger -- and last, but certainly not least, his
	namesake -- a silver sword which is secured in a back-scabbard.

	CLOSE ON BLADE

	A gaze as cold and pitiless as a midnight sun. The vampire club-goers
	stare back. Nuclear silence. And then --

	All hell breaks loose. With a SNARL, Raquel charges at Blade, moving
	at superhuman speed, practically a blur -- 

	Blade draws his Casulls, FIRES in multiple directions --

	MACRO BULLET SHOT 

	as a round roars through the air towards Raquel. A silver-tipped dum-
	dum bullet which explodes on contact.

	WHAM! The round punches a fist-sized hole through Raquel's chest,
	continuing on into the vamp behind her! Vampire blood fountains. Both
	creatures tumble forward, their bodies liquefying into puddles of
	black oil which go gurgling down the run-off drains.

	Blade continues FIRING, then -CLICK!- magazines empty. Next. He
	holsters the Casulls, swings up his assault rifle, calmly flicks on
	the UV entry light mounted above --

	MERCURY 

	leaps twenty feet straight up into the air. We've never seen anything
	move so fast. She CRASHES through a glass skylight, disappearing into
	the night just as --

	-- a shaft of blinding UV "sunlight" cuts across the vampires. They
	rear back, skin smoking from the light's corrosive effects. Blade
	opens FIRE, pumping round after round of wooden fragmentation bullets
	into the crowd -- vampire genocide.

	The strobe lights flicker as the mayhem mounts. Some of the vampires
	try to flee, scurrying up the stairs, but the exit quickly becomes
	clogged with liquefying bodies -- 

	-- then Blade's CAR-15 jams. The remaining club-goers see their
	opening, surge forward en masse -- 

	Blade drops the rifle, reaches over his shoulder and -SCHINGGG!-
	unsheathes his sword with a double-handed grip. 

	THE SWORD

	Four acid-etched feet of blood-soaked Damascus steel. An edge so
	sharp it could cleave a shadow in two.

	Blade moves like lightning, hacking his way into TWO CHARGING
	VAMPIRES. Blade spins again, cuts ANOTHER VAMPIRE clean in half --

	ON THE FAR END OF THE CLUB,

	a LATEX-CLAD VAMP makes a break for it. Blade flings his sword,
	sending it spinning end over end -- THUNK! The sword punches into the
	vampire's heart. The hellish creature convulses, dies.

	Beat. Blade retrieves his sword, then senses --

	SOMETHING BIG

	rising up behind him. In a flash, Blade swings his sword downward,
	cutting off the vampire's right hand at the elbow. The severed limb
	falls to the floor -- 

	-- but it doesn't slow the hulking creature down. It SLAMS into
	Blade. Blade flies backwards thirty feet, tumbling over tables,
	slamming into the rear wall so hard that plaster rains down from the
	ceiling. 

	Blade suddenly finds himself wrestling with a feral-faced six-foot-
	something nightmare named QUINN. The vampire rears back its head,
	jaws stretching wide. Every inch of his face is covered with ritual
	scarification patterns and Maori-like tribal tattoos. 

	Blade forces an elbow against Quinn's throat, trying to keep him at
	bay. With his other hand he reaches to his bandoleer, pulls out a
	stake -- CRUNCH! Blade shoves the stake through the vampire's larynx.
	Quinn gurgles, clutches at his throat. 

	Blade rolls out from under, unholsters the cross-bow secured to his
	leg. With a flick of a switch the arms of the bow -SNAP!- open,
	drawing the bow-string taut. Blade FIRES -- 

	The bolt hits Quinn in the shoulder, throwing him backwards and
	nailing him to the wall. As Quinn reaches over with his other hand to
	pull out the stake --

	Blade FIRES AGAIN. A second bolt slams into Quinn's other arm,
	effectively pinning him like a butterfly to a board.

	UP ABOVE, 

	mounted in one of the corners, is a security camera. Blade fires a
	cross-bow bolt straight into the lens. 

	Blade strides over, placing his sword against Quinn's chest.

				BLADE
		Where is Deacon Frost?

	Quinn glares, trying to speak, gagging on the stake still lodged in
	his trachea --

				BLADE
		Got something in your throat.

	Blade yanks the stake free. The vampire laughs, air whistling through
	his ruined larynx. 

				QUINN
		Fuck you, Day-walker, I ain't saying 
		shit --

				BLADE
		Frost.

	Quinn responds with a slew of rapid-fire vampire invectives. Blade
	sees he's getting nowhere fast, calmly sheathes his sword. He unclips
	a white phosphorous grenade from his combat harness -- 

				QUINN
		You won't stop him, Blade. The Tide's 
		rising, the Sleeper's gonna --

	Blade shoves the grenade in Quinn's mouth, pulls the pin. WHOOSH!
	Quinn goes up like a roman candle. Blade turns, surveying his work,
	ignoring the howling pyre behind him:

	All evidence of the vampires is gone -- with the exception of a few
	oily-black puddles. Clothes, jewelry -- it's all been burned away by
	the acidic process of the creatures' accelerated decomposition.

	DENNIS sits huddled in a corner, having pissed his pants. As Blade
	approaches, he cringes back --

				DENNIS
		Please don't --

	Blade simply grabs Dennis by the jaw, tilting his head upward,
	rotating it from side to side -- looking for bite marks. There aren't
	any.

	Blade moves on, leaving Dennis alone amidst the carnage. As Blade
	starts up the stairs, he pauses in mid-step --

	A COCKROACH

	scurries out from underfoot. 

	Blade adjusts his footfall, sparing the roach. He continues on up the
	stairs, disappearing in the smoky haze. 

	CUT TO:

	INT. CITY HOSPITAL, AUTOPSY ROOM - NIGHT

	CAMERA FOLLOWS a bagged corpse as it's rolled into the autopsy room
	by an ASSISTANT. 

				ASSISTANT
		Brought you a baked potato, nice
		and crispy. Still warm, too.

	CURTIS WEBB, the forensic pathologist (30s, white bread, a little on
	the smarmy side) steps forward, unzips the bag --

	It's Quinn, what's left of him, anyway. Burnt to a charcoal
	briquette, limbs twisted horribly, oozing fluids.

	Curtis turns his head, grimacing, wafting the air.

				CURTIS
		Jesus, that's rank -- 

	Curtis turns back, makes note of the blackened stump where Quinn's
	arm used to be, the ruined throat -- 

				CURTIS
		What's his story?

				ASSISTANT
		Paramedics said he was still screaming 
		when they found him. Looks like some 
		joker had stapled him to a wall.

				CURTIS
		Pretty.

	CUT TO:

	INT. HOSPITAL, HEMATOLOGY LAB - NIGHT

	MICROSCOPE POV

	of a slide-mounted blood smear stained with Wright stain (blue ink).
	What we see is a collection of donut-shaped pink things (red blood
	cells) intermingled with some small blue specks (platelets) and the
	occasional larger, light-blue blobs (white blood cells).

	KAREN JANSEN (20s), a fine-featured hematologist with a social life
	in suspended animation, sits back from the microscope, stumped. Next
	to her is JULIE WHITAKER, a cheerful chemtech. 

				KAREN
		You took this off a DOA?

	Curtis sits on a stool nearby, slowly nodding.

				KAREN
		This isn't human blood.

				CURTIS
		Then what is it?

				KAREN
		I don't know --
			(re: microscope)
		Look at this blood smear -- 

	Curtis takes a look for himself.

				KAREN
		The red blood cells are biconvex, 
		which is theoretically impossible. 
		They're hypochromic, there's virtually 
		no hemoglobin in them. 
			(shaking her head)
		Look at the PMNs, they're binucleated, 
		they should be mononucleated.

				CURTIS
		What about the chemistry panel? 

	Karen looks to Julie, who reaches for a computer print-out.

				JULIE
		Blood sugar level is three times the 
		norm, phosphorous and uric acid are 
		off the scales.
			(shrugs)
		Like the woman said, impossible.

	Karen removes her glasses, rubbing the bridge of her nose.

				KAREN
		Curtis, it's three in the morning. I'm 
		really not in the mood for one of your 
		practical jokes.

				CURTIS
			(insistent)
		It's not a joke. I've got the stiff 
		sitting in the morgue right now -- 
		look, just come up and see him, okay? 
		Five minutes, that's all I ask.

				KAREN
		I thought you promised to give me some 
		distance?

				CURTIS
		This is purely professional curiosity, 
		Karen, I swear.

	Karen rolls her eyes, lets loose a tired sigh.

				KAREN
		Five minutes, not a second more. And I 
		don't want to hear a word about "us".

				CURTIS
		No problem.

	INT. HOSPITAL MORGUE - NIGHT

	The dead of night, not a mouse in the house. Curtis and Karen, each
	garbed in a mask, stand on either side of Quinn's body, which now
	rests on the autopsy table.

	QUINN'S BODY

	A preliminary exploratory Y-incision has been made across the chest,
	stretching from shoulder to shoulder, then continuing on down the
	abdomen. Ribs and cartilage have been cut open to expose the heart
	and lungs.

				KAREN
		You haven't started in on the internal 
		organs?

				CURTIS 
		Just the blood sample from the 
		pericardial sac.

	Curtis pauses, studying Quinn's disfigured face -- the features seem
	much less damaged now -- almost as if the corpse were healing itself.

				CURTIS
		That's weird --

				KAREN
		What?

				CURTIS
		He looks different now, burns are less 
		extreme, some of these wounds have 
		closed up -- 

	Curtis pulls out a penlight, flicks it on. He leans over Quinn,
	shining the light into one of his eyes.

				CURTIS
		Tell me something, honestly, you ever 
		have second thoughts about us?

				KAREN
			(grudgingly)
		Sometimes --

	Curtis looks up from the corpse, grinning beneath his mask.

				KAREN
		-- but then I remember what an 
		ass-hole you were and I'm snapped back 
		to reality. 

				CURTIS
		Jesus, Karen, you're breaking my heart 
		here --

	Quinn suddenly bolts up from the autopsy table, sinking his fangs
	into Curtis' jugular. He snaps the man's neck in two for easier
	access, sucking in blood like a living vacuum. 

	Karen stumbles backwards, sending autopsy tools CLATTERING.

	QUINN

	rises from the table, flinging Curtis' twitching body aside. He curls
	his blood-soaked lips back, baring viper-like fangs, emitting a
	GUTTURAL GROWL --

				QUINN
			(crazed by thirst)
		-- more -- blood --

	Karen backs into the corpse drawers, but Quinn is upon her in a half-
	second, wrapping a hand about her throat. His mouth opens/morphs
	disturbingly wide as if to swallow her head whole, caustic saliva
	dripping from his canines -- 

	Karen tries to turn her head away, but Quinn's grip is vise-like. She
	finds herself staring into his eyes -- pupils pulsing rapid-fire,
	opening and closing, hypnotic --

	As Quinn sinks the tips of his fangs into Karen's carotid artery and
	starts to nurse --

	BANG!!! A load of MAHOGANY buckshot chews into Quinn's side. He HOWLS
	in pain. Another load catches him full in the face. He drops Karen.
	She falls to the floor -- 

	KAREN'S POV

	The sound of RUSHING BLOOD pounding through her skull. Everything
	spinning. She struggles to move, turns her head, finds herself eye to
	eye with Curtis' corpse.

	ON QUINN

	rising, his face torn up, smoking. WHIP PAN TO --

	BLADE, 

	standing at the entrance to the morgue, a streetsweeper auto-shotgun
	in hand, sizing Quinn up.

				BLADE
		Now don't we look dapper?

	Quinn BELLOWS with rage, ripping one of the heavy steel refrigeration
	doors from its hinges, flinging it at Blade like it was lawn
	furniture --

	Blade rolls to the side as the door CRASHES against the wall. Quinn
	runs, moving through the morgue like a human tornado, heading for the
	windows at the end of the room --

	SMASH!!! Out goes Quinn, taking half the wall with him. Blade rushes
	to the decimated window, looks down --

	BLADE'S POV

	Quinn lands on the roof of an ambulance parked four stories below,
	caving it in. He springs off, loping across the tarmac on three
	limbs, then -SCREECH!-THWUMP!- rolling up onto the hood of an
	oncoming car, before disappearing into the night --

	BACK UP ABOVE,

	Blade spins, SEES Karen bleeding her life away on the floor. She
	reaches a hand out to him, beseeching --

	Blade pulls away from her grasp, takes a step towards the exit --
	then hesitates. 

	A flicker of doubt washes across Blade's face. He looks down at Karen
	once more, wrestling with his conscience, finally making a decision.
	He kneels, scoops Karen up into his arms. Just then, 

	TWO POLICEMEN 

	rush into the morgue, weapons drawn --

				UNIFORM #1
		Hold it, ass-hole!

	Blade ignores them, turning to face the window before him. It's a
	good thirty feet to the roof of the adjacent building, a parking
	structure -- and damned if Blade doesn't seem to be considering the
	jump.

	The Police close in, agitated. Blade crouches, switches Karen to a
	one-handed grip --

				UNIFORM #1
		I said hold it!!!

	-- and jumps.

	EXT. HOSPITAL/ROOFTOP PARKING STRUCTURE - NIGHT

	Blade clears the impossible distance -- almost. He snags the ledge of
	the adjacent parking structure with his left hand even as Karen slips
	from the grasp of his right --

	-- a last-second save, his fingers clamping around her wrist, is all
	that stands between Karen and street pizza. She SCREAMS anyway,
	dangling below him --

	Blade GRUNTS, swinging Karen like a pendulum, heaving her up and over
	the ledge as if she were a sack of potatoes. She lands on her
	shoulder, clutching it in pain --

	Blade heaves himself up, crouching beside her.

				KAREN
			(gasping)
		My shoulder -- dislocated --

	Blade places a hand on her shoulder, another around her elbow and
	without any consideration to discomfort -CRACK!- brutally pops it
	back in place. Karen SCREAMS again as he scoops her up once more and
	heads for --

	HIS '69 OLDSMOBILE 442, 

	which is parked nearby. Midnight-black. The definitive high-
	performance heavy-metal muscle machine with an engine big enough to
	power an Apollo rocket. 

	INT. BLADE'S OLDS - NIGHT

	Blade sets Karen down in the passenger seat, climbs behind the wheel,
	keys the ignition. The engine ROARS to life, belching fumes through
	the dual exhaust. Blade floors it, burning serious rubber as the Olds
	vanishes from sight. 

	BACK AT THE DEMOLISHED MORGUE WINDOW 

	as the two policemen stare numbly in open-mouthed astonishment.

	CUT TO:

	EXT. CITY STREETS - NIGHT

	Blade pilots the Olds down the streets, moving through a series of
	increasingly degenerating neighborhoods, coming at last to the
	sprawling warehouse district.

	EXT. ABANDONED FACTORY - NIGHT 

	The Olds approaches a mammoth industrial facility that's been
	cordoned off by cyclone fencing and razor wire. Ultra-violet
	floodlights illuminate the area, while an army of security cameras
	keep a watchful eye. 

	INT. BLADE'S OLDS - NIGHT

	Blade glances at Karen, cursing himself for giving into his emotions.
	He hits a remote secured to the sun visor --

	EXT. BLADE'S OLDS/ABANDONED FACTORY - NIGHT

	A gate grinds open. 

	We follow the Olds as it cruises around the back of the building,
	heading down a concrete loading ramp. At the bottom of the ramp, a
	heavy iron door rises. Blade's Olds disappears into the darkness.

	INT. ABANDONED FACTORY, INDUSTRIAL ELEVATOR - NIGHT

	More UV lights flicker on. We're in a massive loading elevator which
	HUMS as it ascends, eventually reaching its destination with a
	BOOMING CLANG. The doors at the rear glide open. Blade guides the
	Olds out.

	INT. ABANDONED FACTORY, WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT

	Set up in an old ironworks, the place looks like a cross between an
	auto junkyard and an armory. Equipment is strewn everywhere --
	lathes, mills, old furnaces, gutted vehicles, an ad hoc surgical
	theater -- all of it jerry-rigged in a brutal, oily-tech.

	Blade climbs out of the Olds. He opens the passenger door and pulls
	Karen out, carries her in his arms. 

				BLADE
		Whistler!

				WHISTLER (O.S.)
		Are we bringing home strays now?

	ABRAHAM WHISTLER (60s)

	hobbles out of the shadows, leaning heavily on a cane. Gimlet-eyed,
	bitter, his right leg encased in a metal brace. Though his face is
	lined with wrinkles and his hair has long since gone gray, we sense
	he could kick the living shit out of any man half his age. 

				BLADE
		She's been bitten.

				WHISTLER
		You should've killed her, then.

				BLADE
		She hasn't turned yet. 
			(pointedly)
		You can help her.

	Blade and Whistler stare each other down. Finally, Whistler turns and
	heads over to the operating theater.

				WHISTLER
		No promises. You watch her close. She 
		starts to turn, you finish her off.

	Blade nods, lays Karen down on the operating table. Whistler turns on
	an overhead light. Karen is sheathed in sweat, ashen. She's lost a
	lot of blood.

	Whistler snaps on a pair of surgical gloves, probes the wound in
	Karen's neck with an antiseptic swab -- there's capillary damage
	around the perimeter of the wound, the tissue looks bruised,
	gangrenous. 

				WHISTLER
		Localized necrosis. She's borderline. 
		Another hour and she'd be well into 
		the change.

	Whistler cracks open a smelling salt capsule and waves under Karen's
	nose. As she starts to stir --

				WHISTLER
		Can you hear me, woman? 

	Karen's eyes open wide. She's scared, disoriented --

				KAREN
		What -- ?

				WHISTLER
		You've been bitten by a vampire. We've 
		got to try and burn out the venom, 
		just like a rattlesnake bite --

	Whistler reaches for a massive syringe filled with caustic-looking
	fluid. Karen sees the syringe, resists --

				WHISTLER
		Hold her. 

	Blade forces Karen back. Whistler readies the syringe.

				WHISTLER
			(reading her name tag)
		"Dr. Karen Jansen". Listen close, I'm 
		going to inject you with an antidote 
		made from allium setivum -- garlic. 
		This is going to hurt. A lot. 

	Whistler sinks the needle into Karen's neck and depresses the
	plunger. "Hurt" doesn't begin to describe what Karen experiences
	next. Imagine undergoing childbirth while someone pumps battery acid
	through your veins.

	Karen SHRIEKS, her body going into uncontrolled paroxysms. The wound
	on her neck begins to smoke as the antidote attacks the poisonous
	vampire venom.

	Karen clutches at Blade's arms, digging her nails in. She stares up
	at him with unflinching intensity, like a child desperately searching
	for assurance. 

	ON BLADE,

	uncomfortable playing the roll of nursemaid. He'd like nothing more
	than to be done with this, but the only thing he can do is hold Karen
	while she rides out the seizures. 

	KAREN'S POV

	growing darker by the moment. The last thing she sees is Blade
	staring down at her -- then the night closes in. 

	INT. HOUSE OF EREBUS, MEETING ROOM - NIGHT

	CLOSE ON a monitor featuring footage taken at the vampire club
	massacre. Blade turns and stares into the camera, fires his cross-
	bow. The screen cuts to static.

	A WITHERED, CLAWED HAND

	moves into frame, holding a remote. With a tap of a button, the
	monitor goes dark. 

	PULL BACK TO REVEAL a large, minimalist conference room -- the House
	of Erebus, seat of the vampire race's legislative assembly.

	Gathered around a massive table are the TWELVE VAMPIRE ELDERS,
	representing a "rainbow" of racial colors -- names like PALLINTINE,
	VON ESPER, ASHE, BAVA. Two of them, the FAUSTINAS, are identical
	twins -- lethal-looking women with alabaster skin. 

	Chilled carafes filled with blood are situated along the table. From
	time to time, a member will pour themselves a glass, or perhaps, help
	themselves to the bowls of human finger bones which serve as snacks.

	At the head of the table is GAETANO DRAGONETTI, current vampire
	"Overlord". Blood-red eyes, parchment skin stretched over skull-like
	features. Incalculably ancient, but still deadly and virile as a
	viper. 

	Dragonetti speaks. He uses the "secret tongue" -- the ancient vampire
	language which utilizes consonants human vocal chords are incapable
	of reproducing. 

				DRAGONETTI 
			(subtitled)
		Blade. Once again, our interests have 
		fallen victim to his ridiculous 
		crusade. He must be destroyed.

				FROST (O.S.)
			(in English)
		You're wrong, Dragonetti. 

	All heads turn. Who would dare such impudence?

	DEACON FROST, 

	a mere "Underlord" in the vampire hierarchy, steps forward.
	Strikingly handsome, younger, less conservative than his superiors,
	fueled with a passionate intensity. Amongst the vampire community
	he's known as an agitator. He's also the vampire equivalent of a
	racial supremacist.

				FROST
		The Day Walker represents a unique 
		opportunity. We'd be fools to waste 
		it by killing him. 

				DRAGONETTI
			(subtitled, taking umbrage)
		Deacon Frost. You refuse to speak our 
		language, you insult the House of 
		Erebus by using the humans' 
		gutter-tongue, have you no respect 
		for tradition? 

				FROST
		Why should I respect something which 
		has outlived its purpose?

	This causes quite a stir amongst the other vampires. Frost might as
	well have slapped Dragonetti in the face.

				DRAGONETTI
			(simmering)
		I see. And what would you have us do 
		with this "half-breed"?

				FROST
		Study him. Unlock the secrets of his 
		DNA. He's the key we've been looking 
		for. 

				DRAGONETTI
		He is an abomination! 

	Dragonetti slams his fist down, toppling a carafe, spilling blood
	across the tabletop. Frost looks to the others --

				FROST
		Why should we spend our lives 
		cringing from the daylight when his 
		blood offers us an alternative? 
		Enough talk. It's time we stepped out 
		of the shadows!

	Dragonetti looks apoplectic. ELDER PALLINTINE, a five-hundred year-
	old vampire inhabiting the body of a prepubescent boy, interjects.

				PALLINTINE
		You're out of line, Frost.

				FROST
		Am I? Or am I just the first to say 
		out loud what we've all been 
		thinking? 

	The fact that no one answers is telling. Dragonetti glowers at the
	other Elders, sensing the tide turning.

				DRAGONETTI
		The shadows suit us, Frost. We've 
		existed this way for thousands of 
		years. Who are you to challenge our 
		ways?

				FROST
		Someone who's sick of living off 
		scraps. The coming age belongs to us, 
		not the humans! 
			(to the others)
		When the final war between our races 
		comes, who do you want leading the 
		charge? 

	Frost stabs an accusing finger at the Overlord.

				FROST
		Some withered up fossil ready to snap 
		like a brittle bone at the first sign 
		of change?

	Dragonetti GROWLS like an beast, raking his claws across the tyro
	vampire's face, knocking him to the ground. 

				DRAGONETTI
		Get out!!!

	Frost picks himself up, touches the gashes on his cheek. Looks at his
	fingers, licks the blood from them. 

				FROST
		Careful, old fang. You might wake up 
		one day and find yourself extinct.

	Frost smiles at Dragonetti and calmly exits the room.

	INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP, BLADE'S CELL - DAY

	ON KAREN as she comes to. Her wounds have been bandaged. She rises, a
	little shaky, takes in her surroundings -- She's in a spartan room,
	like a monk's cell. On the wall is a collection of knives and
	daggers. Some of them wooden, their hilts inscribed with bizarre-
	looking runes. In the center of these weapons rests --

	BLADE'S SWORD,

	hanging like a cross in a chapel, dominating all else. Karen touches
	it. Then her eyes drop to a silver locket which dangles from the hilt
	by a tarnished chain. She reaches for it, opens it --

	The locket features a photo, old and faded. It's the black woman we
	saw in the prologue, Vanessa, standing in the sunshine. 

	Karen moves towards the door, cautious -- 

	INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - DAY

	We hear VOICES now, coming from beyond a series of black-out
	curtains. Karen pushes one aside and SEES --

	BLADE

	strapped into some kind of Inquisition-esque restraint chair. His
	shirt is off, his body slick with sweat. Whistler finishes strapping
	Blade in, then stands back, holding up a gas-powered pistol injector,
	hesitant --

				WHISTLER 
		I had to increase the dose. You're 
		building up a resistance to the 
		serum --

				BLADE
			(impatient)
		Just do it, old man.

	Whistler nods, fitting Blade with a bite guard. Then he presses the
	pistol-injector against Blade's carotid artery. 

	Blade shakes violently, grinding his teeth through the bite guard,
	veins cording in his neck. He clutches Whistler's hand, holding it
	tightly as he fights his way through the hellish seizure. To his
	credit, Whistler never lets go.

	Mentor and student stare at one another as the mysterious serum runs
	its violent course. We understand that these shared moments, oddly
	private in their horror, are the glue which binds the two vampire
	hunters together. Finally, Blade slumps forward in his restraints,
	exhausted. 

	KAREN

	She draws back, instinctively knowing that she's just witnessed
	something she shouldn't have. She looks for an exit, SEES another
	doorway. She makes for it -- 

	INT. WHISTLER'S LAB - TANK ROOM - DAY 

	A dusty, darkened hole of a room, no windows, just shadows, crumbling
	concrete, rust stains, and --

	A LARGE TANK

	filled with swirling blood plasma, choked with electrical leads and
	biomedical sensors. SOMETHING floats within, suspended in the murky
	fluid -- a child , two or three years of age, drifting about like a
	medical oddity preserved in formaldehyde -- 

	THUMP! The child SLAMS up against the glass. Karen backpedals,
	startled. Its eyes are open now, pupils blown. It snarls, revealing a
	mouthful of razored fangs, trailing mouth-slime across the glass as
	it futilely tries to chew its way through to Karen.

	Karen stifles a sob, turning and running right into --

	BLADE,

	who now blocks the exit, sword in hand. Karen retreats a step,
	wary --

				BLADE
		You shouldn't be here.

				KAREN
		I'm sorry, I --

				WHISTLER (O.S.)
		Wandered off the beaten path, Doctor?

	Whistler has entered the room from a second doorway. Karen looks from
	Whistler to Blade, trapped between them --

				KAREN
		Who are you people?

				WHISTLER
		My name is Abraham Whistler.
			(re: Blade)
		This is Blade. As for our little 
		homunculus here --

	Whistler limps over to the tank, rapping his cane against it. The
	creature snaps at it reflexively, following the silver tip back and
	forth like a fish after a lure.

				BLADE
		-- he's a vampire.

				KAREN
		You're joking --

				WHISTLER
		Not at all. You're looking at a prime 
		specimen of the homines nocturna. 

	Whistler toys with the feral creature, engaging in a certain amount
	of sadistic delight as its efforts grow increasingly more frenzied.
	Suddenly, it surges towards the top of the tank, clawing at the
	lid --

	Karen becomes alarmed -- but then a massive ELECTRICAL JOLT shocks
	the creature back into submission. 

				WHISTLER
		If Blade hadn't brought you here, you 
		would've wound up like him.

	Karen brings a hand to her bandaged neck, recalling the events of the
	previous night. She looks to Blade.

				KAREN
		Why did you help me?

	Blade scowls, his gaze flickering to Whistler.

				BLADE
		Stupidity.

				WHISTLER
			(appraising her)
		Maybe not. I did some checking, she's 
		a hematologist. Knowledge like that 
		might come in handy.

				BLADE
		It's not worth the risk. We can't 
		trust her.

				KAREN
		Why?

				BLADE
		Because you're tainted. The venom's 
		still inside you. You could still 
		turn on us.

				KAREN
		What happens then?

	Blade looks to Whistler -- as far as he's concerned, the debate's
	over.

				BLADE
		Then I have to take you out, just 
		like any other bloodsucker.

	Blade turns and exits. Whistler and Karen follow.

	INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - DAY

	Beyond the grimy outer windows, we can see that the day is closing --
	long shadows, amber light. Karen lingers in the doorway, reeling from
	information overload. 

	Blade begins suiting up for his nightly hunt -- strapping on body
	armor, loading ammunition. He strings the tarnished locket around his
	neck as if it were an amulet that could ward off evil, then pauses to
	inspect a modified pistol, sighting down the length of it.

				BLADE
		We hunt them, moving from one city to 
		the next, tracking their migrations. 
		They're hard to kill. They tend to 
		regenerate.

	CLACK! Blade pulls the trigger on an empty chamber, then checks his
	next weapon --

				KAREN
			(sarcastic)
		So what do you use, then? A stake?

				WHISTLER
			(nodding)
		Some of the old wives' tales are true 
		-- they're severely allergic to 
		silver, various types of wood. Feed 
		them garlic and they'll go into 
		anaphylactic shock -- 

	Whistler picks up a customized rifle with a UV entry light, flicking
	on the beam.

				WHISTLER
		-- and of course there's always 
		sunlight, ultra-violet rays. 

	Karen shakes her head, incredulous -- 

				KAREN
		And you honestly expect me to believe 
		all this?

				BLADE
		I don't care what you believe. I 
		saved your life once, I don't plan on 
		making a habit of it. You want my 
		advice, you'll be out of the city by 
		nightfall. If you're stupid enough to 
		stay, that's your business.

				KAREN
		I can't just leave. I have a life 
		here, a career --

				BLADE 
		Not anymore. You've seen one of them. 
		You won't be allowed to live after 
		that. 

	Karen stares at Blade. Whistler gestures to the windows --

				WHISTLER
		There's a war going on out there. 
		Blade, myself, a few others -- we've 
		tried to keep it from spilling over 
		onto the streets. 
			(beat)
		Sometimes people like yourself get 
		caught in the cross-fire. 

	Whistler shrugs. As far as he's concerned, there's nothing else to
	say. Karen is still protesting, though. 

				KAREN
		I can go to the police. I have blood 
		samples back at the hospital. I can 
		show them. 

				BLADE
		Do it. You'll be dead before you can 
		file the complaint.

				KAREN
		That's ridiculous! No one's that 
		powerful. 

	Whistler sighs. He doesn't suffer fools gladly.

				WHISTLER 
		You're talking about a brotherhood 
		that predates the Catholic Church by 
		thousands of years. Their survival 
		depends on their ability to blend in. 
		Chances are, you've encountered them 
		and not even known it. On the subway, 
		in a bar --

	Blade slings his CAR-15 onto his shoulder, impatient. He starts
	towards the Olds, gesturing.

				BLADE
		Get in. You�re leaving.

				WHISTLER
		Wait.

	Whistler tosses a small metal canister to Karen.

				WHISTLER
		Consider it a parting gift. Vampire 
		mace -- silver nitrate, essence of 
		garlic. 

				KAREN
			(in disbelief)
		So that's it? You guys just patch me 
		up and send me on my way?

				WHISTLER
		There is one other thing. I'd buy 
		yourself a gun if I were you. If you 
		start becoming sensitive to the 
		daylight, if you start becoming 
		thirsty regardless of much you've had 
		to drink -- then I suggest you take 
		that gun and use it on yourself. 
		Better that, than the alternative.

	Karen stares at Whistler, horrified, as we --

	CUT TO:

	INT. THE VAMPIRE ARCHIVES - DAY

	We are deep in the narrow stacks of a sepulchral archive. Exactly
	what and where this place is will become more clear later on. 

	But for now, the CAMERA DRIFTS through the warren of aisles. Along
	the way, we catch a glimpse of a HULKING SILHOUETTE cowering behind a
	series of Japanese shoji screens. Later on, we find --

	FROST

	tucked away in a carrel, surrounded by books and scriptures, with
	only the SICKLY GLOW of his laptop to provide light.

				DRAGONETTI (O.S.)
		What are you doing here?

	Frost pauses, SEEING Dragonetti emerge from the shadows.

				DRAGONETTI
			(outraged)
		These archives are restricted to 
		members of the House of Erebus.

				FROST
		Please. You and the other Elders 
		wouldn't know what to do with these 
		texts if your lives depended on it. 
			(cryptically)
		Which, of course, they do.

				DRAGONETTI
		You're wasting your time, Frost. Far 
		greater scholars than you have tried 
		to decipher these words. Whatever 
		secrets they hold have been lost.

				FROST
		Perhaps.

	Frost studies Dragonetti, a self-satisfied grin on his face. If the
	act was intended to unnerve Dragonetti, it succeeded, though the
	ancient vampire would never admit it.

				DRAGONETTI
		What are you up to, Frost?

	Frost shuts the lid on his laptop, rising, drawing intimidatingly
	close to Dragonetti.

				FROST'S VOICE
		Wouldn't you like to know, Old Fang?

	A beat as the young turk stares his elder down. Dragonetti is the
	first to lose his nerve. Frost smiles and exits, leaving the old
	vampire to lick his wounds.

	CAMERA DRIFTS back to the hulking silhouette, which has been
	eavesdropping on the conversation. It quivers in fear.

	INT. BLADE'S OLDS (ON KAREN'S STREET CORNER) - DAY

	Blade brings the car to a stop. Karen looks at him. His eyes are
	hidden behind his glasses, his expression stone.

				BLADE
		Remember what we said. Keep your eyes 
		open. They're everywhere.

	EXT. KAREN'S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY

	As Karen climbs out, Blade swings the door shut behind her. The Olds
	ROARS off down the quiet residential street. 

	INT. APARTMENT BUILDING, LOBBY - DAY

	Karen crosses the lobby, stepping into an elevator. Just as the doors
	are closing, a WOMAN and TWO MEN duck in alongside her. 

	INT. ELEVATOR - DAY

	Silence, the uncomfortableness of an elevator ride magnified tenfold.
	Karen can FEEL the eyes of her fellow passengers upon her. Finally
	succumbing to paranoia, she hazards a glance -- would she be able to
	tell if these people weren't human? The woman turns to Karen,
	smiles --

	Karen surreptitiously fishes the "vampire mace" from her pocket,
	clutching it -- and now one of the men turns to look at her,
	nodding --

	INT. KAREN'S APARTMENT BUILDING, HALLWAY - DAY

	The elevator doors open. Karen hurries out, heads left, finds herself
	in a deserted hallway. She looks back --

	-- then skips a heartbeat as the trio also step out! As Karen raises
	the canister of mace --

	-- the trio turn and head down to the right. Karen breathes a sigh of
	relief, shakes her head.

	INT. KAREN'S APARTMENT - DAY

	Karen enters quickly, bolting the door behind her. She picks up the
	phone, dials 911 --

				KAREN
		I need the police. This is an 
		emergency --

	As Karen waits to be connected, she moves to the back entrance and
	checks the locks -- then the windows, then the fire escape --
	finally, a VOICE comes on the other end.

				KAREN
		Hello? My name is Karen Jansen, I was 
		with Curtis Webb at Mid-Town Hospital 
		last night -- that's right, I 
		witnessed the attack --
			(listening)
		115 Aurora, apartment 3G. Yes, I'll 
		wait here. Please hurry.

	Karen hangs up the phone and turns -- 

	A SHAFT OF BRIGHT SUNLIGHT

	streams in through a window. Karen forces herself to look at it and
	winces, shielding her eyes. Again, she brings a hand to the bandaged
	wound on her neck. She moves to the window, pulling the shade down,
	frightened.

				KAREN
		Get a grip on yourself, girl.

	She sinks down into a chair to wait, setting Whistler's vampire mace
	aside. Then she shuts her eyes, massaging her temples. We SEE --

	A BRIEF FLASH OF

	Quinn, his mouth opening wide, saliva dripping from his fangs. His
	pupils pulsating hypnotically. We rush into his gaping maw and --

	WHAM! We're back to reality. Karen wakes with a start, looks to the
	windows -- time has passed, it's getting dark outside --

	-- and someone is KNOCKING at the front door. Karen reaches for the
	vampire mace, then moves to the door. She looks through the peephole,
	cautious --

				KAREN
		Who is it? 

	KAREN'S POV (FISH-EYE)

	A POLICE OFFICER stands in the hallway -- 30s, handsome, a knight in
	shining armor as far as she's concerned. 

				GIDEON
		Sergeant Gideon. I'm responding to a 
		911 call. 

	Karen visibly relaxes. She opens the door and steps aside, allowing
	Gideon to enter.

				KAREN
		Yes, that was me, I'm Karen Jansen -- 

	Gideon smiles, takes a quick glance around the room, then studies
	Karen's face, the bandages on her neck.

				GIDEON
		Are you all right?
			(off Karen's nod)
		I'm glad you called, Ms. Jansen, we've 
		been anxious to get a hold of you. You 
		disappeared on us for a while. 

				KAREN
		I know. Listen -- do you have any idea 
		what happened to Curtis, the other 
		doctor?

				GIDEON
			(matter of fact)
		Oh, he's dead. But I wouldn't worry 
		about that if I were you.

				KAREN
			(alarmed)
		Why?

	Gideon's smile vanishes as he unholsters his gun. 

				GIDEON
		Because you're dead too.

	Karen GASPS. She has a half-second to act -- in which she triggers a
	spray of vampire mace into Gideon's face. Gideon stumbles back,
	blinded, cursing, rubbing the heel of his palm against his eyes -- 

	Karen expects pyrotechnics -- but the end result is little more than
	an annoyance. A second later, Gideon is simply blinking, sniffing his
	fingers, confused --

				GIDEON
		Garlic?

				KAREN
		He said it would work against 
		vampires --

	Gideon bursts out laughing.

				GIDEON
		Who said I was a vampire? 

	Gideon shakes his head, still snickering. He forces Karen against the
	wall, placing the gun against her head --

				GIDEON
		Thanks for the laugh. You can shut 
		your eyes if you want to.

	CRASH!!! The front door explodes open as Blade comes flying through
	it! 

	Gideon tries to bring his pistol up -- but Blade grips the man's hand
	and squeezes. Gideon SCREAMS as his bones snap like kindling. The
	pistol falls from his grasp --

	Blade fires his fist into Gideon's gut again and again, then flings
	the officer across the room, sending him SMASHING into a glass-cased
	cabinet. Bleeding, battered, Gideon struggles to stand --

	Blade is all over him, kicking the shit out of the rogue cop until he
	sinks to the floor in a half-conscious haze.

	Blade stands over Gideon's limp form, fists clenched, breathing
	heavily, touching down after his adrenaline high. Finally, he looks
	to Karen --

				BLADE
		You okay?

	Karen nods, glances at Gideon --

				KAREN
		How did you know?

				BLADE
		Figured they'd send someone after you. 
		Thought I'd wait around and see who 
		showed up.

				KAREN
		You used me as bait?!

				BLADE
		It worked, didn't it?

				KAREN
		But, he could've --

				BLADE
		He didn't. Get over it.

	Blade kneels next to Gideon. He turns the man's head, inspects the
	neck, the skin behind the ear -- 

				KAREN
		But he's a policeman --

				BLADE
		He's a familiar. A human who works for 
		the vampires. See this mark?

	Blade pushes aside Gideon's hair, revealing a tiny, cryptic symbol
	tattooed into the man's scalp.

				BLADE
		That's a glyph, kind of like a vampire 
		cattle brand. That means Officer 
		Friendly here is someone's property. 
		Any of the other vampire's try to 
		bleed him, they'll have to answer to 
		Friendly's owner --
			(studying the glyph)
		This glyph belongs to Deacon Frost. 
		We've been tracking him for a while 
		now --

				KAREN
		Why in God's name would anyone want to 
		work for them?

				BLADE
		Because they're vampire wanna-bes. If 
		they're loyal, if they prove 
		themselves, then their masters will 
		turn them. 

				KAREN
		And that's a good thing?

				BLADE
		For some. Live forever, never get old. 
		The ultimate high. 

	Just then, Gideon MOANS. Blade drags the man up so they're eye to
	eye.

				BLADE
		How 'bout you, Officer? You a good 
		little bloodhound?

	CUT TO:

	EXT. KAREN'S APARTMENT BUILDING - DUSK

	Blade and Karen are now standing by Gideon's police cruiser which is
	parked outside Karen's apartment. Blade shoves Gideon against the
	hood of the cruiser. He finds Gideon's keys, moves to the trunk,
	opens it --

	IN THE TRUNK --

	A sophisticated medical cooling unit for transporting organs. Blade
	opens the unit, coolant vapor hisses out. Inside are plastic bags
	containing blood. 

				BLADE
		Looks like our friend was 
		blood-running.
			(to Gideon)
		Where were you headed?

	Gideon mumbles through a split lip and chipped teeth --

				GIDEON
		Mphuck you --

	WHAM! Blade plants Gideon's face into the hood of the car. Gideon
	GROANS, coughs --

				GIDEON
		Jesus -- 1227 Brookner -- 
		Holliston Clinic --

	Blade releases him, then reaches for his Casull.

				KAREN
		What are you doing?!

				BLADE
		Preventive medicine.

	Karen steps in front of Blade, shielding Gideon.

				KAREN
		You can't do this, he's human, it's 
		murder.

				BLADE
		It's war, now get the fuck out of the 
		way!

	Karen grabs Blade's arm, wrestling with him, trying to push his hand
	away. As the two of them struggle, Gideon makes a break for it,
	stumbling across the lawn. Blade pushes Karen aside, takes aim,
	FIRES --

	-- but Gideon ducks into an alley, disappearing from sight. Blade
	spins on Karen, enraged --

				BLADE
		God-damnit!!! Do you have any idea 
		what you just did?! He'll warn them. 
		They'll be waiting!

	But Karen's defiant, she's not backing down.

				KAREN
		You were going to kill him. What was I 
		supposed to do?! Shut my eyes and 
		pretend I didn't see what I saw? 

	Blade tears off his glasses. Karen gasps --

	BLADE'S EYES

	aren't human, nor are they vampire. They're something else -- emerald
	green, laced with swirling flecks of red. 

				BLADE
		Let me set you straight on something, 
		Doctor. What you've "seen" so far is 
		nothing. The world you live in's just 
		the sugar-coated topping. There's 
		another world beneath it, the real 
		world -- and it's a fucking bloodbath. 
		If you want to survive in it, you'd 
		better pull your head out of your ass. 

	Blade slips his glasses back on, leaving Karen shocked into silence.
	He heads for his Olds without looking back, climbs in, guns the
	engine. In seconds, he's gone, tearing off down the street in a cloud
	of exhaust.

	EXT. EDGEWOOD TOWERS, PENTHOUSE - DUSK

	We are soaring through the air above the gleaming city skyline,
	moving towards the Edgewood Towers whose windows reflect the blood-
	red sinking sun.

	INT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE, POOL - NIGHT

	Suffused lighting, elegant tile-work featuring evocative mosaics, the
	quiet strains of CLASSICAL MUSIC -- 

	MERCURY,

	the lupine Gaultier girl from the club, glides beneath the water,
	surfacing at the deep end. We SEE --

	FROST

	lounging in a chair, studying a laptop which rests beside him. On the
	screen is a digitized image -- a page taken from an ancient
	manuscript, written in a secret tongue.

	Officer Gideon waits nearby, cradling his ruined hand, his battered
	face cast downward like a boy who's been called into the Principal's
	office. 

				GIDEON
		Look, I know you're disappointed --

				FROST
		Crestfallen.

				GIDEON
		Blade was waiting for me. There wasn't 
		anything I could do.

	Frost nods, lapsing into brooding contemplation.

				FROST
		Tell me something, Gideon, what blood 
		type are you?

	Gideon hesitates. Is this a trick question?

				GIDEON
		I don't really know --

				FROST
		Take a wild stab. A? B? O, perhaps? 
		I'm interested in the antigens here, 
		the agglutination reaction --

	Gideon stammers as Frost rises. In the blink of an eye, Frost lifts
	Gideon from the floor, dangling the Officer over the deep end of the
	pool by his throat --

				FROST
		I'm going to guess AB positive.

	Gideon GURGLES as Frost's fingernails pierce his flesh, drawing
	blood. Then Frost releases him --

	Gideon plunges into the pool. Mercury is on him in a heartbeat,
	tearing him apart like a Great White consuming a piece of chum. The
	water churns violently around them, clouding with red.

	When it's over, Mercury rises from the pool, dripping wet, covered
	from head to toe in a crimson sheen. 

	She kisses Frost hungrily, letting Gideon's blood flow from her mouth
	to his. Frost flicks a tongue over his lips.

				FROST
		AB positive. Give the man a prize.

	Below them, Gideon's lifeless body sinks towards the pool bottom, his
	police badge twinkling like sunken treasure.

	CUT TO:

	EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT

	Blade's Olds cruises to a stop. We're in a low-end commercial
	district -- junky heaven. Blade climbs out, pulling an automatic
	rifle from the back seat, then heading into an alleyway. 

	EXT. BACK ALLEY - NIGHT

	Blade makes his way down the alley, cautious -- he SEES mountains of
	trash, boarded-up windows, overlapping layers of gang graffiti -- a
	RAT crouching on a trash dumpster, gnawing on a dead pigeon --

	-- then a SOUND behind Blade, the scuffle of feet -- 

	Blade whirls, drawing his sword, CHARGING at an approaching shadow,
	stopping mere millimeters from decapitating --

	KAREN,

	who's been backed up against the wall, her eyes wide with fright.
	Blade's sword vibrates from the tension in his forearm, having drawn
	just the slightest taste of blood.

				BLADE
		What the hell are you doing?! I could 
		have killed you!

	Blade lowers his sword. Karen remembers to breathe. She slumps,
	tracing her fingers over the line where her head almost parted with
	her body.

				KAREN
		I remembered the address. I followed 
		you --

	Blade shakes his head, amazed.

				BLADE
		Do you have a death wish or are you 
		just stupid?

	Karen pushes away from the wall, angry --

				KAREN
		Look, if what you say is true, if 
		there's a chance I could turn into one 
		of them, then I've got no choice, do 
		I? I have to work with you. I need to 
		learn everything I can about them. 
		It's the only way I'll be able to find 
		a cure for myself.

				BLADE
		There is no cure. 

				KAREN
			(defiant)
		You don't know that.

	Blade turns and moves to the end of the alley, studying the graffiti-
	covered wall intently --

				KAREN
		What are you looking at?

				BLADE
			(gesturing)
		What do you see here?

				KAREN
		Graffiti --

				BLADE
		Look closer.

	Blade indicates a design amongst the various gang-banger tags that
	looks something like a post-modern hieroglyphic.

				BLADE
		This isn't a gang tag, it's a vampire 
		marking. It means there's a safe-house 
		nearby. 
		A place they can go if dawn is coming. 

	Blade points to a building across the street --

	THE HOLLISTON CLINIC,

	your basic inner-city blood-barter establishment where desperate
	transients parley their plasma into cash.

				KAREN
			(recognizing it)
		I know this place -- it's a blood 
		bank. 

				BLADE
		Owned by vampires. There's one of 
		these in every major city, and just 
		like Domino's, they always deliver.
			(looking to Karen)
		You telling me you're ready to walk 
		through that door?

	Karen nods. Blade continues to stare at her, taking her measure --
	there's a strength in this woman's eyes, she has the soul of a
	fighter -- and Blade recognizes it. 

				BLADE
		All right, then, listen up, Vampire 
		Anatomy 101. Crosses and running water 
		don't do dick, so forget what you've 
		seen in the movies. 

	Blade enumerates the following on his fingers:

				BLADE
		You use the stake, silver, or 
		sunlight, got it? 

	Blade holds up one of his Casulls. 

				BLADE
		Know how to use one of these?

	Karen takes the weapon from him, eyes all over it.

				KAREN
		No.

	Blade takes the gun back, snorting derisively.

				BLADE
		Safety's off, round's already 
		chambered -- 
			(cocking it)
		Silver hollow-points filled with 
		garlic. You aim for the heart or the 
		head, anything else is a one-way 
		ticket to a pine box.

	Blade hand it to her again, then starts across the street towards the
	clinic. Karen follows --

	INT. HOLLISTON CLINIC, LOBBY - NIGHT

	Blade enters, swinging his rifle around for all to see.

				BLADE
		Get out. Now.

	The POTENTIAL DONORS scramble for the exit. Behind the counter,
	TANAKA, a male nurse, reaches for an alarm button. Blade vaults over
	the counter, aiming his rifle. 

				BLADE
		I know you're blood-running. Who's 
		your sponsor? 

				TANAKA
		I don't know what you're --

	POW! Blade backhands him across the face hard enough to loosen his
	teeth. Karen flinches, stepping forward -- 

				KAREN
		What if you've made a mistake?

	Blade pins Tanaka's head to the wall, turning it to the side --
	revealing the man's glyph. It's different than Gideon's, looking more
	like a Japanese kanji character.

				BLADE
		What's this? A birthmark?

	Blade grips Tanaka by his collar, shoving him through a doorway --

	INT. HOLLISTON CLINIC, SUPPLY ROOM - NIGHT

	Karen and Blade SEE supply cabinets, cots, a number of locked
	refrigeration units. Blade FIRES into the door handle of one of the
	units, tears it open -- the fridge is stacked floor to ceiling with
	plastic packets of blood.

				BLADE
			(to Karen)
		Still think we might be wrong?
			(to Tanaka)
		How much are you shipping?

				TANAKA
		Bite me!

	Blade opens FIRE, sweeping his rifle around the room, shooting
	everything in sight. Glass cabinetry shatters, ampoules and
	vacutainers go flying. Tanaka cowers, arms wrapped about his head.

	Blade stops shooting. He leans down towards Tanaka, placing the end
	of his rifle against the man's forehead. Tanaka looks like he's about
	to wet his pants.

				BLADE
		I've got a message for your masters -- 
		the night's no longer safe for their 
		kind.

	Blade pulls back his rifle, leaving a red indentation mark where the
	end of the rifle barrel pressed into Tanaka's skin. He starts towards
	the exit. Karen follows.

	CUT TO:

	INT. BLADE'S OLDS - NIGHT

	Blade and Karen return to the Olds. He keys the ignition, lets the
	engine idle. They're parked down the street from the blood clinic.
	Karen looks to Blade, confused --

				KAREN
		You let him go -- 
			(off Blade's nod)
		An hour ago you were ready to kill a 
		man for less, this one didn't even 
		talk.

				BLADE
		He will.

	Blade points --

	THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD --

	Tanaka rushes from the clinic, climbing behind the wheel of a Mustang
	parked nearby. He takes off -- 

	Blade follows the Mustang, CLICKING on a cell-phone scanner mounted
	on the dash. Numbers flash on the LCD screen as it searches for a
	signal, then locks onto it. We hear a DIAL TONE, then a number being
	dialed --

				AUTOMATED VOICE
			(filtered, on scanner)
		"You've reached a number that is no 
		longer in service. Please consult your 
		operator and try again".

				TANAKA'S VOICE
			(filtered, on scanner)
		It's Tanaka, PIN number 
		sixteen-zero-zero-nine --

	A "real" voice comes on the line:

				VOICE
			(filtered, on scanner)
		Yes?

	Karen looks to Blade, impressed. 

	INT. TANAKA'S MUSTANG - NIGHT

	Tanaka speeds, shouting into the speaker phone -- 

				TANAKA
		Get me Pearl! 

				VOICE
			(filtered, on speaker)
		Pearl is feeding --

				TANAKA
		Look, I'm not fucking around here! 
		That hunter Frost has been talking 
		about? He was just at the clinic. Tore 
		the goddamn place apart!

	EXT. THE BLACK PEARL - NIGHT

	Tokyo town. A black edifice, no windows, secured parking, no signage
	except for a purple neon scroll above the entrance -- a FLASHING
	KANJI, just like the glyph tattooed on Tanaka's neck.

	Tanaka's Mustang pulls into the parking lot. He climbs out, flagging
	away the valets, heads inside --

	WHIP PAN TO

	Blade's Olds stopping a few blocks down the street.

	INT. BLADE'S OLDS - NIGHT

	Blade kills the engine, studying The Black Pearl.

				BLADE
		Looks like we hit pay-dirt. This place 
		is crawling with them.
			(pointing)
		See the valets over there? They're 
		vampires. So is the doorman.

				KAREN
		How can you tell?

				BLADE
		The way they move, they way they 
		smell --

	Blade continues to scan the area, pointing out a few more likely
	candidates --

				BLADE
		The whore on the corner, she's one 
		too. So are the two men standing under 
		the streetlight.

	Blade reaches into the back seat, retrieves his sword and a satchel.
	He snaps open his shotgun, loads it. Karen continues to study the
	vampires Blade identified.

				KAREN
		So many of them -- I still can't 
		believe they're real.

				BLADE
		There are worse things than vampires 
		out there.

				KAREN
		Like what?

				BLADE
			(pumping his shotgun)
		Like me.

	Blade reaches for the door --

	EXT. THE BLACK PEARL - NIGHT

	Blade and Karen climb out. He lets his shotgun fall within the folds
	of his longcoat and starts across the street -- only to be challenged
	by a HULKING DOORMAN at the entrance.

				DOORMAN
		I'm sorry, sir -- do you have an 
		invitation?

	INT. BLACK PEARL - NIGHT

	CRASH! The front door flies open as the Doorman's body sails through.
	Blade enters, Karen at his heels -- 

	The 'Pearl' is an all-hours strip club cum casino catering
	exclusively to Japanese zaibatsu clientele. Dimly lit, the air thick
	with cigarette smoke, deafening MUSIC. Go boards, pachinko machines,
	sexy little MANGA WAIFS in schoolgirl outfits doling out drinks --

	STRIPPERS writhe in the circular "pit" tables surrounded by HOWLING
	grab-ass men. But that's nothing compared to --

	The MAIN ATTRACTION,

	who's doing a bump and grind down the runway, shaking a body worthy
	of a schoolboy's wet dream. Her attire? A leather S&M face mask,
	nipple rings, 6-inch spikes, and a pair of panties to hide her
	modesty.

	Blade scans the room -- just in time to see Tanaka ducking into a
	back hallway. Blade pushes towards the rear of the club. Karen
	follows. 

	ON THE STRIPPER

	as she catches sight of Blade and freezes in mid-routine. The
	stripper pulls off her hood. Long black hair with a streak of white
	tumbles down her back -- it's Mercury. 

	INT. BLACK PEARL, HALLWAY - NIGHT

	Blade and Karen head past the bathrooms. At the end of the hall is a
	door marked "OFFICE". Just then, the Men's door opens, a DRUNK
	COLLEGE KID steps out, SEES Blade --

				KID
		Hey --

	Blade plants a hand over the kid's face, shoving him back into the
	bathroom as he kicks open the office door --

	INT. THE BLACK PEARL, BACK OFFICE - NIGHT

	Tanaka spins around, startled, tries to throw a punch -- 

	Blade traps Tanaka's arm, levering the man up and over. He CRASHES
	into a shelving unit, taking the whole thing down with him. Karen
	winces. Blade grabs a handful of Tanaka's hair, yanks his head up --

				BLADE
		Where's the entrance?!

				TANAKA
		I can't -- they'll kill me!

	Blade rips off his glasses and gives Tanaka an eyeful -- his irises
	pulse and glow. 

				BLADE
		I got news for you, butt-boy. You're 
		already dead. 

				TANAKA
			(terrified)
		Oh God, shit -- behind the bookcase --

	Blade drops Tanaka, moves to the bookcase. He searches the wall a
	moment, then finds a trigger. Hits it -- the bookcase slides aside,
	revealing a hidden elevator. As Blade moves to put his sunglasses
	back on --

	BLADE'S POV (IN THE REFLECTION OF HIS SUNGLASSES)

	We see Tanaka behind him, pulling a handgun out of a desk drawer,
	swinging it up --

	Blade unholsters one of his Casulls faster than any gunslinger in
	history. He FIRES over his own shoulder, BLOWING Tanaka back against
	the wall. 

	Blade puts his sunglasses back on, motions to the elevator, then nods
	to Karen --

				BLADE
		After you. 

	INT. THE BLACK PEARL, ELEVATOR - NIGHT

	The elevator descends. Then a tone CHIMES, signaling the end of the
	ride. The doors hiss open -- 

	INT. THE VAMPIRE ARCHIVES, HALLWAY - NIGHT

	Blade and Karen enter the narrow, maze-like "stacks" of the vampire
	archives, weaving their way through shelves of climate-controlled,
	digitized records. 

				KAREN
		What is this place?

				BLADE
		Some kind of archive --

				KAREN
		Isn't this all a little high-tech? I 
		thought vampires were more into 
		cobwebs and coffins.

				BLADE
		You've been watching too much TV. 
		They've got their claws sunk into 
		everything -- finance, real estate, 
		politics. Probably own half of 
		Downtown. 

	Blade pulls a CD-ROM from the shelves, its spine labeled in
	indecipherable vampire glyphs.

				BLADE
		This must be where they keep their 
		records --

	He pauses, hearing a DISTANT WHISPER. Blade signals quiet, silently
	leading Karen through the stacks towards -- 

	PEARL'S LAIR

	A vestibule of sorts, leading to a larger bed chamber constructed of
	rice paper shoji screens and tatami mats. Candles glow within,
	illuminating a MONSTROUSLY OBESE SHADOW beyond the translucent rice
	paper walls.

	The shadow speaks in a tremulous, bird-like voice -- the secret
	tongue. As Blade draws his sword, the massive shadow freezes --

				PEARL'S VOICE
			(frightened)
		Lorca, is that you?

	Blade slides open the nearest shoji screen --

	INT. PEARL'S BED CHAMBER - NIGHT

	Nothing Karen's seen up until this point could prepare her for the
	archive's curator --

	PEARL,

	a nine-hundred-pound androgynous vampire of Asian origin, lounging
	amidst pillowed rice mats, wearing a communications headset. Think of
	a cross between Divine and Jabba The Hutt. Skin the complexion of
	buttermilk, so corpulent he can barely move, so engorged with blood
	that he's actually sweating it from the pores of his skin. 

	Pearl is surrounded by a nest of monitors and keyboards which have
	been affixed to counter-balanced arms -- this way, Pearl can access
	information without leaving bed.

	Lying next to Pearl, dwarfed by the vampire's massive size, is the
	chalk-white body of a recently-drained NAKED BOY. 

	At the sight of Blade, Pearl's eyes widen in fear --

				PEARL
			(into a speakerphone)
		He's here!

				FROST'S VOICE
			(over speakerphone)
		Congratulations, Day-Walker.

				BLADE
		Frost?

	INT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE, POOL - NIGHT

	Frost paces the length of his pool, wearing a hands-free
	communications headset, grinning.

				FROST
		In the flesh, Blade. I understand 
		you've been looking for me. I'm 
		flattered.

	INT. PEARL'S BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT

	As Blade listens, Pearl reaches for his trackball, attempting to
	delete the document currently on his monitors -- but Blade lunges
	forward, sinking the tip of his sword into Pearl's fleshy throat.
	Pearl freezes. 

				BLADE
			(eyeballing Pearl)
		Don't be. You're another notch on my 
		sword hilt, nothing else.

	Frost's DEEP LAUGHTER drifts from the speakerphone.

	INT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE, POOL - NIGHT

	Frost settles into his chair, enjoying the cat and mouse.

				FROST
		You're quick, Blade, I'll give you 
		that. In the space of an hour you've 
		crossed my familiar, destroyed a blood 
		bank --
			(beat)
		Now here you are in the heart of our 
		archives, terrorizing our curator.

				PEARL'S VOICE
		He has a knife to my throat, Frost! 
		He --

				FROST
			(cutting him off)
		You're history, Pearl. Have the good 
		grace to die with some dignity.
			(beat)
		Round one to you, Blade.

	INT. PEARL'S BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT

	CLICK, the line goes dead. Blade tosses his satchel on the bed, opens
	it. Inside is a hand-held UV lamp hooked up to a nine-volt battery.
	Pearl eyes the device, fearful -- 

				PEARL
		What is that?

				BLADE
		A sun lamp. We're gonna play twenty 
		questions. Depending on your answers, 
		you might get to have yourself a 
		tanning session. 

	Blade looks to Pearl's monitor and SEES a digitized image, the SAME
	MANUSCRIPT Deacon had been studying earlier. 

				BLADE
		What were you in such a big hurry to 
		delete just now?

	Pearl hesitates. Blade turns on the lamp. Pearl HOWLS as the harsh
	light falls upon him. Blade flicks the light off.

	Pearl cringes, GROWLING, his face smoking profusely. Exposure to the
	UV rays, even for one short second, has made his face blister like a
	plague victim's.

				PEARL
			(relenting)
		It's an epistle, a letter Frost has 
		been translating -- it prophesizes 
		LaMagra's return.

				BLADE
		And who is LaMagra?

	Pearl hesitates again -- Blade turns on the lamp for a longer time.
	Pearl thrashes, covering his face. His hands blacken, the skin
	sizzling away to expose the finger bones beneath. Karen has to avert
	her gaze --

	Blade turns off the lamp. Pearl SNARLS, his body quivering with
	poisonous rage.

				PEARL
		LaMagra is The Sleeper!!! 

	Blade leans in close so he's eye to eye with Pearl.

				BLADE
		Where's the original, Pearl? You must 
		have it around here somewhere.

	Pearl sweats blood, his flaking, slug-like lips quivering. 

				PEARL
		The vault --

	Blade follows Pearl's eyes to an armored door, then he stands back,
	handing the UV rig to Karen.

				BLADE
		If he moves, cook him.

	Blade approaches the vault door, sizing up its locking mechanism. He
	pulls an explosive charge from his combat belt and secures it to the
	door, arming it with a BEEP!

				PEARL
		Please, I'll give you the combination 
		-- you'll damage the documents --

				BLADE
		That's the point.

	Enraged, Pearl LUNGES from his bed. Karen triggers the UV rig, flash-
	frying him to a blackened crisp. Pearl quivers, his enormous body
	smoking like a piece of charred meat. 

	Blade looks back at Karen with newfound respect. She shrugs.

				KAREN
		He moved.

	Blade turns back to the vault, setting off the charge. BOOM! Blade
	kicks the damaged door in, knocking it clear off its hinges --

	INSIDE THE VAULT,

	ancient papers flutter through the smoky air like wind-borne leaves.
	Blade and Karen SEE a lucite-encased document -- fragments of an
	ancient, calligraphied papyrus. 

				KAREN
		What are these?

				QUINN (o.s.)
		Curiosity killed the cat.

	Blade and Karen spin --

	-- QUINN,

	Mercury, and a number of other vampires stand at the entrance to the
	vault.

				QUINN
			(grins)
		Hola, amigo. Remember me?

	Karen triggers the UV light, but Mercury ducks under it, ripping it
	from her hands, crushing it. In a split-second, the she-demon has her
	claws around Karen's throat.

	As Blade reaches for his rifle, the vampires converge on him like
	quicksilver. They drag Karen and Blade out --

	PEARL'S BEDCHAMBER

	The vampires fling Blade against the wall, pinning him. 

				QUINN
		You took my arm, Blade. But that's 
		okay, I'm growing a new one --

	Quinn lifts up his "arm". A skeletal forearm has grown from the
	stump. It's got cartilage, sinew, and muscle, but no flesh yet. 

				QUINN
		Nice, huh? Think I'll ever play the 
		piano again?
			(shrugging)
		You can slice him, you can dice him, 
		and the man just keeps on coming. 

	Blade struggles violently, but Quinn is upon him, pounding his fist
	into Blade again and again and again -- giving him payback with
	compounded interest. When it's over, Quinn steps back, winded -- 

	Blade's head hangs down. He gasps, wincing, every breath sending a
	red hot poker to his gut. Quinn grabs a hold of Blade's jaw, forcing
	his head up. 

				QUINN
		Stay with me, sweetness, I'm not 
		through with you yet.

	Quinn pulls Blade's jacket open, sees the bandoleer of mahogany
	stakes. He tugs one out, admiring it.

				QUINN
		Teak. Nice craftsmanship. 
			(to the others)
		Now here's a man who takes his job 
		just a little too seriously, don't you 
		think?
			(back to Blade)
		Which reminds me, Blade, think I owe 
		you one --

	Quinn stabs the stake into Blade's shoulder. Blade CRIES OUT, tries
	to pull free. Karen, who's being held by Mercury, averts her gaze.

				QUINN
		Actually, if you want to get 
		technical, I owe you two.

	As Quinn reaches for another stake, Blade starts to laugh.

				QUINN
		What's so funny, bright eyes?

				BLADE
		I'm expecting some company.

	It's then that Quinn notices the micro ear-coil radio receiver in
	Blade's ear. As we MOVE IN on it, we hear a tiny VOICE squawking from
	it:

				VOICE
			(filtered)
		Get down!

	Blade kicks his feet out, sending Quinn flying backwards. He tears
	free of the vamps holding him and DIVES forward, knocking Karen to
	the ground just as --

	BOOM!!! The wall of Pearl's bedchamber EXPLODES INWARD, knocking
	Quinn and the rest of his cronies to their feet. 

	WHISTLER

	stands in the smoking hole where the wall used to be, brandishing his
	cane in one hand and an automatic rifle in the other. He balances the
	rifle against his hip like an over-the-hill gunslinger and OPENS FIRE
	on the vampires.

	Blade rolls, snatching up a fragment of the parchment which has blown
	free from the vault. Seconds later, he and Karen are fleeing after
	Whistler, retreating back through his newly created exit.

	INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT

	The three of them find themselves ankle-deep in a flooded sewer
	tunnel running parallel to the archives. Whistler pauses, wheezing
	from overexertion. 

				WHISTLER
		Christ, I'm too old for this. Somebody 
		get me a goddamn wheelchair.

	Blade leans against the tunnel wall, GRUNTING as he yanks the stake
	from his shoulder. He then pulls out a light-stick, snapping it,
	illuminating the area in a GREEN GLOW -- disturbing waves of
	GLITTERING COCKROACHES. 

	Meanwhile, Whistler pulls another explosive device from his backpack
	and sets it against the tunnel wall, arming it.

				KAREN
		How did you find us?!

	Whistler taps a tiny radio headset curled around his ear.

				WHISTLER
		We keep in radio contact. 

				KAREN
			(incredulous)
		You've been listening in the whole 
		time?

				WHISTLER
		You think I'd let him run loose 
		without a chaperone? Blade ferrets 
		their rat-holes out, I map them. Then 
		we blow them all to kingdom come.

	Whistler finishes arming the explosive device. It BEEPS. He turns
	back to Blade and Karen, referring to a handheld navigation device.

				WHISTLER
		There's a subway line due East of 
		here. We'd best make tracks. 

	INT. PEARL'S BEDCHAMBER, ARCHIVES - NIGHT

	An EXPLOSION rips through the bedchamber, mushrooming outward --

	INT. BLACK PEARL - NIGHT

	The EXPLOSION continues expanding, sending tables, drinks, and
	zaibatsu clientele flying.

	INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT

	As the group splashes through the water, a FIREBALL chases them down
	the tunnel. They duck into an alcove, narrowly avoiding the flames.
	Whistler WHOOPS with excitement, loving every minute of it. But his
	triumph is short-lived, for now we hear --

	-- a deafening chorus of HIGH-PITCHED VAMPIRE WAR CRIES coming from
	behind. Karen hazards a look back --

	THE VAMPIRES

	surge down the tunnel like a pack of hungry wolves on high-octane.
	There must be a dozen of them now and Quinn is right in the lead.

	Our trio hustles along, but Whistler stumbles, tumbling and sliding
	down a washout. The steep incline of the washout makes it virtually
	impossible for Whistler to climb back up to the main tunnel.

				KAREN
		Whistler!

				WHISTLER
		Go on, I'll be fine!

	Karen hesitates, but Blade yanks her down the tunnel --

				BLADE
		He can take care of himself! GO!!!

	They race through the twisting warren of tunnels, taking one turn
	after another, the vampires hot on their heels --

	INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL - NIGHT

	Blade and Karen stumble out into a larger subway tunnel, which widens
	into a station stop up ahead. We can see the RED TAIL-LIGHTS of a
	train just pulling away from the platform -- Blade and Karen re-
	double their efforts, lungs burning, legs pumping like mad. Just as
	the train enters the next tunnel --

	-- they leap, dragging themselves up onto the back of the rear-
	passenger car. Blade SMASHES his fist through the emergency exit
	window, then lifts Karen up, helping her climb through into the
	car -- 

	-- but the vampires are still coming! Crawling along the tunnel walls
	on all fours, limbs a blur, claws striking the concrete and spewing
	out sparks. Closing fast. Too fast. 

	QUINN

	springs forward, snagging Blade's ankle with his "good" hand. The
	vampire's weight threatens to haul Blade down. Blade reaches to his
	back-scabbard, unsheathes his sword --

	THUNK! Blade brings the sword down on Quinn's good arm, cutting it
	off at the wrist! Quinn falls to the tracks, tumbling head over heels
	back into the darkness --

	THE AMPUTATED HAND,

	which continues to clutch at Blade's ankle, starts to melt. With a
	cry of disgust, Blade kicks the thing away. He turns and climbs
	through the window --

	INT. SUBWAY CAR - NIGHT 

	Karen helps Blade inside. He sinks to the floor of the otherwise
	deserted car, exhausted. He's looking ashen now. The whites of his
	eyes are shot through with red.

	Karen gets a good look at Blade's wounds -- the front of his jacket
	is soaked in blood. She reaches for him --

				KAREN
		You're hurt --

				BLADE
		Nothing that won't heal by dawn.

	Blade reaches into his jacket and pulls out the small, gas-powered
	pistol-injector we saw Whistler inject him with earlier. He tries to
	load one of the ampoules into it, but because of his wounds, he's not
	having much luck -- 

				BLADE
			(frustrated)
		I need help with this --

	Karen nods, inserting the ampoule into the gun. Blade shrugs off his
	jacket, holds out his arm. Karen pauses --

				KAREN
		What am I injecting you with?

				BLADE
			(weakly)
		Serum -- it's a human hemoglobin 
		substitute.

	Karen locates a vein, presses the injector against it -- Blade
	tenses, grits his teeth, fights to keep his body thrashing as the
	serum enters his bloodstream. He grips the wall behind him --
	actually digs his nails into the metal surface -- the agony he's
	going through is excruciating, like nothing we could imagine. 

	When it's over, he slumps forward, spent, vulnerable, flushed with
	sweat. Karen stares at him --

				KAREN
		You're one of them, aren't you?

	Blade turns away from Karen, filled with self-loathing. 

				BLADE
		Not quite. I'm a hybrid. Half-human, 
		half-vampire.

	Off Karen's surprised reaction, we --

	CUT TO:

	INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT

	The loading elevator CLANGS to a stop. Blade throws the gate open.
	Karen helps him out. Now that they're safely back, the last of
	Blade's strength seems to dissipate. 

	WHISTLER

	is waiting for them, sitting at a workbench. 

				WHISTLER
		What took you so long?

				BLADE
		Don't even start, old man.

	Blade throws his sword aside, then moves off into the shadows,
	disappearing beyond the curtains. Karen looks to Whistler --

				KAREN
		Why didn't you tell me the truth 
		about him?

				WHISTLER
		We weren't sure we could trust you.

	Whistler sighs, removing his glasses.

				WHISTLER
		Blade's mother was attacked by a 
		vampire while she was pregnant. 
		Ultimately, she died, but her unborn 
		child lived. Unfortunately, he'd 
		undergone certain genetic changes 
		while in the womb --

	Whistler reaches for a pack of cigarettes, pulls one out. He thumbs a
	match, fires up. Takes a long drag --

				WHISTLER
		I found Blade when he was thirteen. 
		He'd been living on the streets, 
		feeding off the homeless. Apparently 
		the Thirst manifested itself at 
		puberty -- 
			(beat)
		I took him for one of them at first, 
		almost killed him, too. But then I 
		realized what he was. 

	CUT TO:

	EXT. EDGEWOOD TOWERS, PENTHOUSE - NIGHT

	Frost stands at the window, looking out at the glimmering cityscape
	before him.

	INT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE - NIGHT

	Frost turns away from window. Quinn, Mercury, and the other vampires
	from the Black Pearl stand before him. Quinn cradles his amputated
	stump with his newly grown arm. 

				QUINN
		He took my fucking hand! Again!

				FROST
		You seem to be in the habit of losing 
		them fairly often, Quinn. Maybe the 
		amputee lifestyle just suits you.

	The other vampires laugh. Quinn stares them into silence. 

				QUINN
		We need to find him, tonight.

	Frost claps a hand on Quinn's shoulder.

				FROST
		Down, boy. Blade's not going anywhere. 
		I promise. Right now, though, we've 
		more pressing business --
			(off Mercury's look)
		It's time Dragonetti paid the piper. 

	CUT TO:

	INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT

	Whistler studies Karen, exhaling another lungful of smoke.

				WHISTLER
		Blade's unique, you know. A one in a 
		billion anomaly. He can withstand 
		sunlight, garlic, even silver. But he 
		still has the Thirst. 

				KAREN
		What happens if he doesn't take the 
		serum?

				WHISTLER
		The Thirst overcomes him, just like 
		the others. It's not something he can 
		control. 
			(sighs)
		The problem is, time's running out. 
		His body's starting to reject the 
		serum. And so far, all my efforts to 
		find a cure have ended in failure --

				KAREN
		No offense, Whistler, but you're not 
		exactly working with state of the art 
		equipment here. You might have missed 
		something.

				WHISTLER
			(pointedly)
		Which is why you're here. We could use 
		someone with your experience.

	A beat passes between them and Karen knows where she stands now. In
	for a penny, in for a pound. Whistler reaches for Blade's sword.

				WHISTLER
		This used to be mine, you know. It's 
		been passed down through the 
		centuries, from one hunter to the 
		next --

	Whistler extends the sword, sighting down the length of it. He takes
	a few practice parries -- it's obvious he used to be quite skilled in
	the art of swordsmanship.

				KAREN
		Why do you hunt them?

				WHISTLER
		Habit, mostly, just like this. 

	Whistler gestures with his cigarette. He finally stubs it out, his
	wistful reverie vanishing like so much smoke.

				WHISTLER
		I had a family once -- a wife, three 
		daughters. Then a drifter named Deacon 
		Frost came calling one evening --

				KAREN
		He killed them?

				WHISTLER
		Eventually. He toyed with them first. 
		He made me choose, do you understand? 
		Which order they would die in --

	Karen stares at Whistler, horrified.

				KAREN
		How did you escape?

				WHISTLER
		I didn't. He was cruel enough to let 
		me live.
			(slapping his brace)
		Even gave me a souvenir to remember 
		him by.

	Karen nods -- it's all falling into place for her now.

				KAREN
		And now you're using Blade to exact 
		your revenge?

				WHISTLER
			(pointedly)
		Frost's bodycount keeps rising, and 
		I'm not getting any younger, am I?

	Just then, we hear a SCREAM come from Blade's room, sounding more
	like the cry of a beast than a man. Karen takes a step towards
	Blade's room --

				WHISTLER
		I wouldn't go in there if I were you. 
		It's best to leave him alone when he's 
		like this.

				KAREN
		I'll take my chances.

	INT. BLADE'S ROOM - NIGHT

	Karen enters. It's dark, just a trace of moonlight.

				KAREN
		Blade?

	No answer. Then Karen SEES him -- crouched in the corner of the room
	like some kind of nocturnal animal.

				KAREN
		It's dark in here.

				BLADE
		You get used to the darkness.

	Karen takes a step towards him.

				KAREN
		Whistler told me about your mother. 

	Blade clutches the silver locket in his hand. It swings back and
	forth, like a pendulum.

				BLADE
		I can't close my eyes without hearing 
		her scream.

				KAREN
		Those aren't real memories. No one has 
		that kind of recall.

				BLADE
		I do. I remember from day one. People 
		staring at me, sensing I was 
		different. Watching the fear grow in 
		their eyes, knowing in their hearts I 
		wasn't human.

				KAREN
		If you're not human, then why do you 
		bleed like us? 
		I've seen vampire blood, you don't 
		have it running through your veins.

	Blade looks at Karen, his lambent eyes glowing in the moonlight.

				BLADE
		Just get out of here.

				KAREN
		Blade --

	Blade turns, his eyes glowing with preternatural fury. 

				BLADE
		I said, GET OUT!!!

	Karen backs away, startled by Blade's vehemence. She exits, leaving
	him alone with his demons. He holds up one of his empty serum
	ampoules, crushing it in his fist.

				FROST'S VOICE
		Rise and shine, little wing.

	EXT. THE BURNING GROUNDS - JUST BEFORE DAWN

	FADE IN on Dragonetti, his face covered with a black condemned man's
	hood --

	Frost stands before him, grinning like the Cheshire Cat. He's dressed
	from head to toe in a black motorcycle suit -- boots, gloves, a
	visored helmet tucked under one arm. Mercury and Quinn are standing
	nearby, similarly attired. 

	We're on a stretch of rocky coastline, tucked away in a secluded
	cove. Dragonetti has been stripped bare, chained like Prometheus to
	an ancient standing stone. 

				DRAGONETTI
			(straining)
		What is this? Where am I?!

	Frost steps forward, pulling Dragonetti's hood off. Dragonetti stares
	at his surroundings, horrified.

				FROST
		When was the last time you stopped to 
		appreciate a sunrise, Dragonetti? 
		Three, four hundred years? 

	Frost checks his watch, then looks to the ocean. On the horizon, a
	sliver of gold appears. 

				FROST
		How do you like that? Right on time.

				DRAGONETTI
			(snarling)
		The other elders will never let you 
		get away with this!

	Just then, the TWELVE VAMPIRE ELDERS emerge behind Frost, forming a
	circle around Dragonetti. All wear business suits, gloves, along with
	high-tech "sun masks" to protect their faces from the light's lethal
	rays. 

	They stare at Dragonetti like a silent jury. His face darkens, anger
	rising -- but there's a desperation in his eyes now too. He speaks in
	the secret tongue:

				DRAGONETTI
			(subtitled)
		Don't you see, you fools?! He'll 
		betray you too! He's planning on 
		invoking LaMagra himself!

	The vampires just smile and shake their heads.

				FROST
		The wheel turns, old fang. Guess you 
		just got a little too long in the 
		tooth.

	Dragonetti's cries are cut short as Frost forces the aging vampire's
	mouth open, ripping out his fangs with his bare hands. Dragonetti
	GURGLES and SHRIEKS, sounding like a dying animal.

	Frost turns to face the Twelve now, his eyes bright with victory. He
	pulls on his motorcycle helmet, as do Mercury and Quinn. 

	Behind them, Dragonetti struggles furiously against his chains to no
	avail as the first faint rays of daylight fall upon him, channeled
	inward by the natural formation of the cove -- 

	Dragonetti HOWLS, his skin beginning sizzle and smoke. Then he
	catches fire like paper beneath a magnifying glass. He thrashes about
	as his flesh starts to run from his body.

	THE VAMPIRE ELDERS

	watch, impassive, protected by their masks --

	-- when suddenly, TWELVE FIGURES rise up behind them, clad in bike
	helmets and black leather, just like Frost. The intruders grip each
	of the Elders in a strangle hold, ripping their masks off. 

				FROST
		Dragonetti was right. You were fools 
		to trust me.

	Frost flips down the visor of his helmet even as --

	THE RED SUN

	rises in all its fiery glory.

	One by one, the vampire Elder's heads catch fire, skullflesh sizzling
	away -- burning down the line of them in successively building
	intensity until all twelve EXPLODE in a conflagration of BLINDING
	WHITE LIGHT.

	Frost and his compatriots are blown off their feet by the sheer
	intensity of the occult blast -- a blast which sends the skeletal
	bodies of the Elders SLAMMING into the rock wall.

	When it's over, Frost picks himself back up. We SEE that the only
	thing left of Dragonetti and the others are --

	THIRTEEN SHADOW SILHOUETTES

	permanently etched onto the rock's surface, just like the bombing
	victims of Hiroshima. 

	INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - DAY

	Karen stands at a lab table with Whistler, preparing a number of
	blood sample vials. They are surrounded by host of new medical
	equipment -- from centrifuges to genetic sequencers and beyond.

	Blade emerges from his room, looks to Karen. As if by silent
	agreement, last night's words go unacknowledged. He straps on his
	bandoleer of stakes, secures his scabbard.

				WHISTLER
		Going somewhere?

				BLADE
		China Town. I need more serum.
			(re: new equipment)
		What's all this?

				KAREN
		I made a trip to the hospital last 
		night, borrowed some equipment.

				BLADE
			(sarcastic)
		For your miracle cure? 

				WHISTLER
		She's been making real progress, 
		Blade.
			(to Karen)
		Show him --

	Karen looks to Blade, who shrugs. She opens a refrigerator, removing
	a syringe filled with blue fluid.

				KAREN
		This is sodium citrate. It's an 
		anti-coagulant. We use it to treat 
		blood-clots sometimes. Vampire blood 
		is thinner than humans, though. Watch 
		what happens when I introduce some 
		into a sample --

	Karen gestures to the microscope. Blade takes a look --

	BLADE'S POV

	Vampire blood cells swirling about.

	Karen injects the contents of the syringe onto the slide of cells --
	the reaction is immediate. The vampire blood turns black, then begins
	violently bubbling.

	Blade lifts his head away from the microscope just in time -- the
	blood on the slide atomizes, exploding outward in a fine mist which
	bursts apart the glass lens of the scope. 

	Whistler laughs, thrilled with the results.

				WHISTLER
		Can you imagine what a dash of that 
		would do on your sword? 

	Whistler claps his hand on Karen's shoulder in approval, then limps
	away, quickly busying himself with another project. Blade moves to
	follow, but Karen stops him --

				KAREN
		Before you go, I'd like to take a 
		sample of your blood.

	Blade grudgingly rolls up his sleeve. As Karen takes her sample,
	Blade looks to Whistler. The older man brings a handkerchief to his
	lips, coughing into it. 

				KAREN
		Is he sick?

				BLADE
		Cancer.

	Karen watches as Blade's blood flows into the vacutainer. She fills
	the first, then inserts another. 

				KAREN
		You care about him, don't you? 

				BLADE
		We've got a good arrangement, that's 
		all. Whistler makes the weapons, I use 
		them, the vampires die -- end of 
		story.

	Karen finishes. Blade rolls up his sleeve.

				KAREN
			(pointedly)
		My mother used to say that a cold 
		heart is a dead heart.

				BLADE
		Your mother sounds like a Hallmark 
		greeting card. 

	Blade slips his Casulls into a shoulder holster, then shrugs into his
	leather jacket, donning his sunglasses.

				BLADE
		I'd wish you luck, Doc, but I never 
		put much stock in optimism.

	He heads towards the elevator.

	EXT. CHINATOWN, STREETS - DAY

	Blade makes his way down a street lined with vending stalls --
	passing MERCHANTS peddling exotic vegetables and cheap curios,
	butcher shops with rows of roast ducks in the window, tyro GANG-
	BANGERS lounging at the entrance to a video arcade.

	BLADE'S POV

	Even though the streets are crowded, the people seem to make way for
	him, avoiding eye-contact. 

	Blade turns into a dark alley, ducking into the doorway of a hole-in-
	the-wall herbalist shop.

	INT. HERBALIST SHOP - DAY 

	A bell atop the door JINGLES, announcing Blade's arrival. We're in a
	dusty, cave-like room filled with baskets and bottle-lined shelves
	featuring things like "Toad Spleen Extract" and "Barking Deer Wine".
	Joss sticks burn, sending wispy tendrils of incense into the air. 

	At the back of the shop, an elderly CHINESE MAN in a cardigan sits in
	front of a battered television, watching a boxing match. He's eating
	a bowl of litchi fruit. On the counter nearby, a SPIDER MONKEY
	watches attentively. 

				BLADE
		How's it going, Kam?

				KAM
			(re: calendar)
		You're a week early.

				BLADE
		I was in the neighborhood.

	Kam sets his fruit bowl aside, leads Blade through a curtain into a
	back room.

	INT. HERBALIST SHOP, BACK ROOM - DAY

	Kam hands Blade a leather valise. He opens it -- its lined with tiny
	ampoules of scarlet-colored serum. Blade pulls one out, holds it up
	to the light.

				BLADE
		Whistler says I'm building up a 
		resistance to it.

				KAM
		I was afraid that might happen.

				BLADE
		Maybe it's time to start exploring 
		other alternatives.

				KAM
		There's only one alternative to the 
		serum.

	Blade nods. They both know what that "alternative" is. 

				BLADE
		Yeah. I know.

	Blade closes the valise and tucks it inside his jacket. 

				BLADE
		Thanks, Kam.
			(thinking)
		One other thing. Have you ever heard 
		of a vampire called the Sleeper?

	Kam shakes his head. Blade pulls out the parchment he took from
	Pearl.

				BLADE
		I found this in there archives. I need 
		to find someone who can read their 
		language. 

	Kam studies the parchment.

				KAM
		I've heard about a woman named 
		Miracia. Some say she's a mayombero, a 
		Santeria witch. Supposedly she lives 
		in that tent community down by the 
		city dump. I'm told she only sees 
		people at night. 

	Blade nods his thanks and heads back through the curtains.

	EXT. CHINATOWN, STREET - DAY

	Blade emerges from the alley into the sunlight, then hears his name
	WHISPERED on the wind.

				VOICE (o.s.)
		Blade.

	Blade spins, scanning his surroundings -- did he really hear his
	name, or was it just the wind?

				VOICE (o.s.)
		Blade.

	Again, the taunting voice calls him. Blade's gaze finally settles
	on --

	A MAN

	sitting on a bench in the deep shade, his face obscured by the
	Chinese newspaper he's reading. There's a LITTLE GIRL sitting stiffly
	beside the man -- a look of pure terror written on her face. 

				MAN
		Afternoon, Blade.

	The man lowers his newspaper. It's Deacon Frost. He's wearing
	sunglasses, but otherwise, he's seemingly unprotected by the sun. 

	Blade reaches for his .454 -- 

				FROST
		Easy.

	Frost's hand rests on the back of the girl's neck. We see his claws
	extend, caressing the flesh beneath her chin.

				FROST
		Wouldn't want our little friend here 
		to wind up on the back of a milk 
		carton, would we? 

	Blade reluctantly lowers his hand. Frost smiles. He takes in a deep
	breath of air, savoring it. 

				FROST
		Beautiful day, isn't it? 

				BLADE
			(confused)
		How can you be out here?

				FROST
		I dabble in pharmaceuticals, medical 
		research. We've developed a type of 
		sun-blocker using octyl salicylate, a 
		few others things. 

	On closer examination we see that Frost is wearing a translucent
	lotion on his face. He touches a finger to his cheek, rubs some of
	the lotion between his fingers.

				FROST
		It's not very effective in direct 
		sunlight, but it's a start. The goal, 
		of course, is to be like you, "the 
		Day-walker". 

				BLADE
		I don't buy it.

				FROST
		Why not? The future of our race runs 
		through your bloodstream. You've got 
		the best of both worlds, Blade. All of 
		our strengths and none of our 
		weaknesses.

				BLADE
		Maybe I don't see it that way.

				FROST
		Oh, so it's back to pretending we're 
		human again, is it? Spare me the Uncle 
		Tom routine. You can't keep denying 
		what you are. You're one of us, Blade. 
		You always have been.

				BLADE
		You're wrong.

				FROST
		Am I? You think the humans will ever 
		accept a half-breed like you? They 
		can't. They're afraid of you. 
			(pointedly)
		The humans fear us because we're 
		superior. They fear us because in 
		their hearts they know their race has 
		become obsolete.

	Frost watches the marketers stream past, sneering in contempt. 

				FROST
		Look at them, just an endless stream 
		of cattle in a mad race to the 
		slaughterhouse. 

	Frost lifts a silver flask to his mouth, taking a swig of blood. He
	smacks his lips, sighs contentedly --

				FROST
		The pause that refreshes --
			(offering it to Blade)
		Care for some? Smells good, doesn't 
		it? Pungent, with just an 
		irrepressible hint of iron. 

				BLADE
		Pass.

				FROST
		You sure now? I bled a newborn for 
		this. You won't find a drink that's 
		sweeter. 

	It takes every ounce of Blade's self-control to keep from attacking
	Frost -- and Frost senses this, pressing his sharp thumbnail against
	the child's jugular.

				FROST
		Tell me honestly, do you really get 
		the same rush from that pasteurized 
		piss-serum of yours?
			(off Blade's look)
		You're surprised I know about your 
		serum? You shouldn't be. I know 
		everything about you. 

	Frost leans forward, grinning.

				FROST
		You can't keep walking the razor's 
		edge, Blade. The day will come -- and 
		soon, when you'll have to choose 
		between our kind and their's. If I 
		were you, I'd take care not to wind up 
		on the wrong end of the fang.

	A bead of sweat runs down Frost's neck, washing away a minute amount
	of the sun-blocking cream. The patch of exposed skin instantly
	blackens. Frost gazes upwards at the sun.

				FROST
		Love to continue this chat, but it 
		appears I'm melting.

	Frost rises, taking the little girl by the hand. Blade follows, his
	hand resting on the butt of his Casull.

				BLADE
		You're not going anywhere.

				FROST
			(growling)
		Watch me.

	Frost's eyes flicker towards the street -- a CITY BUS is rumbling by.
	In a heartbeat, Frost hurls the little girl forward --

	-- out into the path of the oncoming bus! 

	Blade has a split-second to act. It's Frost or the girl -- and for a
	moment we actually think he's going to go for Frost --

	-- but then he DIVES forward, scooping the girl into his arms,
	throwing themselves out of the bus' path. The bus misses them by a
	hair. By the time Blade looks up again --

	-- Frost is gone. Blade rises, cursing, scanning the street as
	market-goers gather around him.

	WHIP PAN TO --

	SOMEONE sitting astride a motorcycle, watching Blade from the roof of
	an elevated parking garage. The rider is clad from head to toe in a
	helmet and black leather -- Mercury. 

	EXT. ABANDONED FACTORY - DAY

	Blade's Olds cruises into the gated grounds. It zips down the ramp
	way into the loading elevator.

	BACK BY THE TRAIN TRACKS --

	Mercury's cycle rolls into frame. She picks up a radio handset and
	keys it.

				MERCURY
			(into radio)
		This is Mercury. Tell Deacon I've 
		found their hiding place.

	CUT TO:

	INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - DAY

	Blade enters through the loading elevator, finding Karen and Whistler
	hard at work. She turns as he approaches -- SEES him back-lit by the
	sun. She looks pale, the whites of her eyes are streaked with red.

				BLADE
		Any progress?

				KAREN
		Some. It's been slow --

				BLADE
		You don't look so good. 

				KAREN
		I'm just tired, that's all. We've been 
		up all night.

	Blade nods, not buying her explanation. He shoots a glance to
	Whistler, which doesn't go unnoticed by Karen.

				KAREN
		Excuse me.

	Karen turns, heading for the back of the workshop.

	INT. WORKSHOP - BATHROOM - NIGHT

	Karen enters a dingy bathroom, turning on the overhead bulb. She
	studies her reflection in the mirror above the sink, then grimaces as
	she peels the dressing from her wound -- the wound is clearly
	infected, gangrenous. 

				BLADE (O.S.)
		It's started.

	Karen spins, startled. Blade stands behind her. He grips her jaw,
	turning her head so he can better view the wound.

				BLADE
		You've got another day or two at most.

	Karen nods, shaken. As she moves to leave, Blade reaches for her arm,
	stopping her.

				BLADE
		For what it's worth, I'm sorry.

				KAREN
		You make it sound like I'm already 
		dead.

	Blade just stares at her. Finally, she pulls away.

	EXT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - DUSK

	CLOSE ON Karen as she moves to the grimy outer windows, watching the
	sun go down, an unmistakable look of dread creeping over her.

	CUT TO:

	EXT. LANDFILL GHETTO - DUSK

	Windy. Urban desolation. Blade stands on the perimeter of a sprawling
	cardboard and plywood squatter's ghetto which has sprung up around
	the city dump. CHILDREN and DOGS forage for salvageable items, while
	in the distance, dumptrucks grind over the dunes of refuse.

	MOMENTS LATER,

	Blade is winding his way through the maze of makeshift homes and
	ashcan fires. A CROWD quickly closes in around him, suspicious. A
	BRUTISH MAN steps forward, challenging him --

				MAN
		Extranjero. �Quien es?

				BLADE
		I'm here to see Miracia. Kam sent me.

	The man turns to his fellow squatters, WHISPERING. After a heated
	debate, a GAUNT WOMAN steps forward, motioning --

				WOMAN
		This way.

	CUT TO:

	INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT

	Whistler and Karen sit at a work table. Karen is looking at a blood
	smear slide through a microscope. 

				KAREN
		All right, let's start with the basics 
		-- why do vampires need to drink 
		blood?

				WHISTLER
		Their own blood can't sustain 
		hemoglobin. 

				KAREN
		Then vampirism is a genetic defect, 
		just like Hemolytic anemia?

	Whistler nods.

				KAREN
		So what about gene therapy?

	Whistler looks intrigued. Karen continues.

				KAREN
		Basically you'd have to re-write the 
		victim's DNA, alter it so that the DNA 
		will produce proteins capable of 
		generating hemoglobin. 

				WHISTLER
		How?

				KAREN
		With a retrovirus. It's injected into 
		the bone marrow cells, it causes the 
		host's DNA to mutate. They've been 
		using them to treat Sickle-cell 
		anemia. 

	Whistler can hardly believe what he's hearing.

				WHISTLER
		You're serious? You actually think 
		this could work?

	Karen pauses -- we can see in her expression that there's something
	she's been holding back.

				KAREN
		On me, yes. On Blade, I'm not so 
		sure -- 
			(gravely)
		The problem is, Blade didn't contract 
		the vampire virus from a bite like I 
		did. He was born with it. The irony 
		is, I could probably cure every 
		vampire but him.

				WHISTLER
		Then we're back to square one, aren't 
		we? Sooner or later, the Thirst always 
		wins.

	At that moment, the lights in the workshop flicker, then go out.
	Karen looks around the room, alarmed. 

				KAREN
		What happened to the power?

				WHISTLER
			(concerned)
		I don't know, but the back-up 
		generator should've kicked in.

	A few seconds pass. The back-up generator still hasn't activated.
	Whistler moves to the window --

				WHISTLER
		UV floodlights are down too.

	As Whistler reaches for a flashlight we hear the sound of GLASS
	SHATTERING coming from the other end of the workshop. Whistler shines
	the flashlight in that direction. We hear more sounds now -- water
	draining, glass tinkling.

	Whistler raises a finger to his lips, signaling silence. He edges
	towards the black-out curtains, Karen falling in behind him.

	INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - TANK ROOM - NIGHT

	Whistler and Karen enter, cautious --

	THE TANK

	containing the vampire child has been smashed open. It's empty now,
	with just the steadily draining blood seeping across the floor in a
	widening pool -- and a trail of tiny BLOODY FOOTPRINTS leading back
	out into the main workshop.

	INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT

	Karen scans the shadows, eyes alert. We hear a WHISPER, then a
	teasing, childish, GIGGLE.

	Whistler moves the flashlight in a slow circle, shining the beam over
	every inch of the room. And just as he's about to complete his
	circuit --

	THE CHILD

	leaps from where it had been hiding overhead! Karen SCREAMS.
	Whistler is knocked to the floor, the flashlight spinning from his
	hand --

	The feral child lands atop Whistler, HISSING like a cobra. Its
	macrocephalic head seems to morph, twisting into grotesque
	proportions. And just as it's about to strike --

	ZZZZING! Whistler withdraws a silver rapier which had been hidden
	inside his cane. He lunges forward --

	WHOOSH! The child takes off like a blue streak, sending test tubes
	and medical equipment CRASHING to the floor. It zips past Karen --

				WHISTLER
		Get it!!!

	Karen snatches up the flashlight, chasing after it as Whistler
	struggles to his feet --

	Karen sweeps the flashlight around, catching only fleeting glimpses
	of the child as it darts through the workshop. She reaches a shelving
	unit where Whistler's weapons are stored, grabs one of the modified
	pistols --

	Karen tries to draw a bead on the creature. She FIRES, misses, FIRES
	again -- she's getting more unnerved as the seconds tick by and the
	creature is moving closer and --

	-- suddenly it's right in front of her, flying through the air, fangs
	bared! 

	The child knocks Karen back against the wall. It's at her throat,
	sinking its claws into her neck. Karen chokes, forcing Whistler's
	pistol under the monstrosity's chin --

	-- but then the creature morphs again, transforming into a beatific
	little cherubim of a child -- and Karen hesitates, because the child
	seems so goddamned human now and its eyes are luminous, pulsing and
	hypnotic and --

	-- suddenly Whistler reaches in from behind, YANKING the vampire
	child's head back, FIRING a pistol into its skull. The creature
	slumps --

	Karen cries out, disgusted, flinging the corpse away from her. As it
	continues to writhe --

	THUNK! Whistler swings his cane-rapier down on the creature, brutally
	decapitating it. Finishing the job. Then he looks to Karen, winded.

				WHISTLER
		Understand this -- they are monsters. 
		Hesitate for even a moment, and you've 
		lost.

				FROST (O.S.)
		Words to live by, Whistler.

	Whistler spins, eyes wide. He knows that voice.

	DEACON FROST

	steps into the pool of illumination thrown off by the flashlight,
	followed by Mercury and Quinn. 

				FROST
		It's been a long time, hasn't it, "old 
		friend"? 

	EXT. LANDFILL GHETTO - MIRACIA'S CABIN - NIGHT

	Blade is led to a plywood cabin crowded with candle-lit altars --
	garish pictures of Saints and demons abound, alongside bottles of
	roots and herbs steeped in alcohol, human bones, voodoo dolls. 

	MIRACIA 

	sits on a sagging couch outside, clutching a deck of well-thumbed
	Bicycle playing cards. She's ancient, with a mouthful of gold-capped
	teeth and cataract-clouded eyes. Blind.

				MIRACIA
		Is something wrong, my friend?

				BLADE
		You're blind --

				MIRACIA
		There are other ways to see. Sit.

	Blade approaches, uneasy. Miracia deals out the playing cards on a
	rickety table, setting them in nine piles which take on a cross
	formation. 

				MIRACIA
		Perhaps you have brought me something 
		-- an offering for the orishas?

	Blade tosses a handful of bills on the table. Miracia nods, then
	flips over the first card in the center pile -- a one-eyed Jack. She
	sighs, grave --

				MIRACIA
		Hold out your hands.

				BLADE
		I didn't come here to get my palms 
		read. I need something translated.

				MIRACIA
		Show me.

	Blade removes parchment fragment from his jacket and sets it on the
	table. Miracia traces her fingers over the ancient paper, touching
	her fingertips to her lips.

				MIRACIA
		Sangre. Written in blood. 

	She runs her hands over each line as if it were written in Braille.
	Some of the candles gutter, then extinguish themselves as the wind
	around them rises.

				MIRACIA
		This is an old tongue, from an old 
		world. It concerns LaMagra.

				BLADE
		Who is LaMagra?

				MIRACIA
		The vampire God. This speaks of His 
		return.

	Miracia's fingers search the parchment again.

				MIRACIA
		"-- there will come a Day Walker."
			(reading)
		"His blood will call the Sleeper from 
		beyond the Veil of Tears."

	Blade stares at Miracia, shaken.

				BLADE
		His blood -- ?

	The old woman nods, reaching for a smoldering cigarette.

				MIRACIA
		The Day Walker's blood is a disparador 
		-- a trigger, you see? For LaMagra's 
		return. One need only consume it and 
		the spirit of his ancestors will 
		settle upon him.
			(reading)
		"And the Sleeper will rise from the 
		shadows anew, cleansing the world in a 
		Tide of Blood."

				BLADE
			(recalling the phrase)
		"The Blood Tide".

				MIRACIA
			(nodding)
		Yes. The vampire apocalypse. It is 
		said that all who feel its taint will 
		succumb to the Thirst. 

				BLADE
		How do I stop it?

	Miracia shrugs, spreading her hands.

				MIRACIA
		The Great Wheel turns, my friend. The 
		Dark is rising. How would you fight a 
		shadow? 

	Miracia sits back, slumping into her chair. The candles have burnt
	themselves down to nothing. 

				MIRACIA
		I am tired. Dawn is coming. 

				BLADE
		But I just got here --

				MIRACIA
		You've been here longer than you 
		think. 

	Blade rises, looking to the horizon. Incredibly, dawn is coming. As
	he stands there, mystified, the wind picks up, sweeping the parchment
	fragment out of his hand. He tries to snatch it back, but the
	fragment is quickly borne away. He watches it disappear into the sky,
	then turns back --

	Miracia is gone. Blade glances around him, but she's nowhere to be
	found. 

	CAMERA PULLS BACK,

	isolating Blade amidst the ghostly squalor. From our vantage point,
	he looks like any other homeless phantom.

	INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - DAWN

	Blade steps out from the elevator into the workshop --

	The place has been trashed. It looks like a tornado touched down in
	his absence. Blade pulls out one of his .454s, cautious --

				BLADE
		WHISTLER?!

	-- and then he stops dead in his tracks.

	WHISTLER

	has been strung up by his arms against the far wall, tortured and
	left for dead. In response to Blade's voice, a MOAN escapes the dying
	man's lips.

	Blade rushes to the wall, cutting Whistler down with his sword,
	gently lowering him to the floor. As he cradles the old man in his
	arms, Blade sees the primary wound -- two ragged puncture marks along
	Whistler's throat.

				BLADE
		Jesus, Whistler, what did they do to 
		you?

	Whistler opens his eyes, struggling to speak --

				WHISTLER
		Frost took her --

	Whistler spasms and coughs, wincing from the pain.

				BLADE
		Don't try to talk --

				WHISTLER
		Listen. You have to -- finish me off. 
		You don't want me coming back.

				BLADE
		No, we can treat the wounds --

	But Whistler is shaking his hand.

				WHISTLER
		Too far gone, you know that.

	Blade's at a complete loss.

				BLADE
		Whistler, I can't.

	Whistler clutches at Blade's arm, his eyes burning with conviction.

				WHISTLER
		Yes you can. Now get on with it. 

	As much as he'd like to deny it, Blade knows that Whistler is right.
	He pulls a stake from his bandoleer, hesitates.

				BLADE
		Whistler, I --

				WHISTLER
			(cutting him off, more gentle now)
		I know. 
			(forcing a smile)
		Just be quick about it, will you? Do 
		it right.

	Blade fights back tears. With a wretched moan, he turns his head and
	drives the stake into Whistler's chest. Whistler GASPS. Blade wraps
	his arms around the older man, holding him tight as the life runs out
	of him, rocking back and forth --

	After a while, the rocking stops and Blade lays Whistler on the
	floor. Then something catches his eye --

	A SHARP VIEW-CAMCORDER

	resting nearby, labeled, "PLAY ME". Blade reaches for the camcorder,
	cues the tape -- Frost's face appears on the tiny built-in screen.

				FROST
		Hello, Blade. By the time you watch 
		this, Whistler will no doubt be 
		winging his way to Heaven, thanks to 
		your capable hands. If it makes any 
		difference to you, he put up quite a 
		fight.

	Frost touches a deep gash which runs across his cheek.

				FROST
		Now, I'm sure you're wondering about 
		Ms. Jansen's well-being. She's alive 
		and kicking -- "ambulatory", as they 
		like to say in the trade. Whether or 
		not she remains so is entirely up to 
		you.
			(beat)
		I'll make this as easy as possible for 
		you, Blade. You can find us at the 
		Edgewood Towers. We'll be waiting with 
		baited breath.

	The tape cuts to static. Blade throws the camcorder against the wall.
	It shatters into a dozen pieces.

	Blade turns now, his eyes falling on the medical equipment Karen
	brought from the hospital. He moves to the refrigerator, removing a
	canister labeled "SODIUM CITRATE". Then he draws his sword. We can
	practically see the wheels turning within his mind --

	MOMENTS LATER,

	Blade stands before the open flames of one of the furnaces, heating
	his sword in the fire. He withdraws it -- it's molten red.

	Blade turns, dousing the molten hot sword into the sodium citrate
	canister. The refrigerated liquid reacts with the heat, causing the
	sword to STEAM and HISS.

	When Blade withdraws the smoking sword, we SEE that the gleaming
	steel has changed colors, taking on a bluish tinge, just like the
	sodium citrate it was immersed in. Blade smiles to himself,
	satisfied.

	CUT TO:

	INT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE, INNER CHAMBER - DAY

	Sparse decor in a Neo-Japanese vein. Minimalist lighting. The walls
	are glass. Recirculating pumps send a constant stream of water
	cascading down them.

	Karen is escorted into the room by Mercury. She gestures to a chair
	at the end of a long table. Karen sits. 

	FROST 

	leans forward out of the shadows, resting his elbows on the table,
	hands steepled together. 

				FROST
		Well, here we are, Doctor.

	A cigarette appears in Frost's hand. In the blink of an eye, the
	cigarette is lit, burning. The movements are so quick we barely have
	time to register them. 

				KAREN
		Why haven't you killed me yet? 

				MERCURY
		Deacon likes to play with his food 
		before he eats it.

	Frost laughs. Karen tries to keep calm. The longer she keeps them
	talking, the longer she remains alive.

				KAREN
		How many of you are there?

				FROST
		A few thousand scattered about the 
		globe. In the past, we've had to 
		restrict our numbers for fear of 
		discovery. That won't be necessary 
		after tonight. 

				KAREN
		What happens then?

				FROST
		The Blood Tide. Our long-prophesied 
		holy war against the humans. There's a 
		force, you see -- a spirit that exists 
		in our blood. I've discovered a way to 
		invoke it.

				KAREN
		LaMagra --

				FROST
		That's right. The answers were there 
		all along, of course, scribbled down 
		in the forgotten languages of my kind. 
		Waiting for someone with the patience 
		to decipher them. 
		My elders were foolish enough to 
		dismiss them as wives tales. But I 
		knew better. 
			(beat)
		Imagine my surprise when Blade turned 
		out to be the key which would set that 
		force free. 

	Frost sits forward now, impassioned.

				FROST
		LaMagra isn't a physical being. He's a 
		spirit, requiring a flesh and blood 
		host in order to manifest himself.

				KAREN
		You.

				FROST
		Who better to usher in the Blood Tide? 

	Karen shakes her head, protesting --

				KAREN
		There's no need for any of this. Your 
		condition can be treated. Whistler and 
		I were working on a cure when --

				FROST
		What makes you think we want to be 
		cured? Blood is only part of the 
		equation. The hunt, the killing, 
		that's what the Thirst is really 
		about.

				KAREN
		But you use blood banks --

				FROST
		Only as a last resort. Preserved blood 
		is inferior. There's no flavor left to 
		it, no life. 
			(rising from his seat)
		Fortunately, I've found a way around 
		that particular obstacle. 

	Frost moves to the end of the room. He pushes a button. With a HUM
	the wall slides open, revealing something Karen wishes she'd never
	seen -- living blood banks.

	THREE SEDATED HUMANS

	have been hooked up to IV feeds which replenish various nutrients as
	their blood is drained from them. Shunts have been implanted in their
	forearms which serve as taps. 

				FROST
		Under these conditions I can keep a 
		donor alive for years, producing 
		anywhere from fifty to a hundred pints 
		of blood.
			(admiring his charges)
		Of course, this is just a pilot 
		program, really. Once the Tide comes, 
		we'll need to expand production. So 
		many more mouths to feed -- 

	Karen turns away, overwhelmed by revulsion. 

				KAREN
		You're a monster.

				FROST
		Why? Because we live at another 
		species' expense? Your people farm 
		cattle and veal, don't they? Fattening 
		them up with steroids? It's called 
		evolution, Doctor. Survival of the 
		fittest. 

	Frost stares at Karen with an intense, uncompromising gaze. 

				FROST
		I have a wake-up call for the human 
		race. You're no longer at the top of 
		the food chain.

	EXT. SKYSCRAPER ROOFTOP - DAY

	BLADE'S POV

	A telephoto view of Frost's penthouse. The windows are polarized,
	blocking out the sun's harsh rays.

	Blade lowers a pair of binoculars. He's standing on the roof of a
	building across the street. He hefts an air-launcher rifle up into
	firing position --

	BANG! An iron spike trailing a steel cable rockets through the air
	between the two buildings, sinking into the concrete facade of
	Frost's penthouse. Blade secures his end of the rope. He slips a
	pulley over the rope, grabs hold of two handles, and leaps off the
	roof ledge!

	WHOOSH! Blade slides towards Frost's penthouse, a good twenty stories
	above street level. A second before he reaches the windows, Blade
	lets go. Momentum sends him CRASHING through in a shower of glass.

	INT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE - DAY

	An ALARM is ringing. Sunlight streams in through the broken window.
	TWO VAMPIRE GUARDS who have been caught in the sudden swath of light
	are burning up before our eyes. Blade climbs to his feet --

	A THIRD VAMPIRE

	leaps at him. Blade spins, flipping the vampire over his shoulder,
	sending him straight through one of the other windows --

	EXT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE - DAY

	The vampire tumbles earthward, SCREAMING as the sun's rays ignite his
	body, falling like a human comet.

	INT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE - DAY

	Blade unsheathes his sword and heads out into the hall --

	INT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE, HALLWAY - DAY

	To Blade's right is the inner chamber with the "waterfall" walls. As
	ANOTHER VAMPIRE approaches, Blade readies his sword --

				VAMPIRE
		You think I'm afraid of that toothpick 
		of yours?

				BLADE
		You should be. I've made some 
		improvements.

	And with that, Blade thrusts his blackened sword forward, right
	through the vampire's chest. 

	The creature SHRIEKS and atomizes -FWOOSH!- flying apart in a fine-
	beaded spray of blood mist. 

	Up ahead are a set of steel doors with a time-lock mechanism. Blade
	draws a Casull, BLASTS away at the lock, then shoulders the doors
	open --

	INT. FROST'S SLEEPING CHAMBER - DAY

	We are in a windowless, vault-like room dominated by a series of
	high-tech STAINLESS STEEL SARCOPHAGI. Think of a hyperbaric coffin, 
	each unit possessing a small face-plate window through which the 
	sleeping subject can be viewed.

	Blade unsheathes his sword. He grabs the lid of the first
	sarcophagus, HEAVING upward. With a PNEUMATIC HISS, the lid rises,
	belching out a cloud of condensation mist. 

	As the mist clears, revealing the occupant within, Blade raises his
	sword, ready to plunge it downward -- only it's not Deacon Frost who
	rests beneath him, it's --

	VANESSA,

	Blade's mother!!! Although some thirty years have passed since the
	events of our prologue, Vanessa looks exactly the same -- vibrant,
	beautiful, full of life. Her eyes open.

				VANESSA
		Jason. 

	Blade gasps, uncomprehending.

				BLADE
		Mother -- ?!

	Vanessa rises from the sarcophagus, tears staining her cheeks.

				VANESSA
		I've missed you so much, Jason. 
			(drawing closer)
		You have no idea what I've been 
		through, how much I've wanted to see 
		you -- 

	Blade falters, his mind reeling. What he's seeing is incomprehensible
	-- his mother is dead. Yet, here she is in the flesh, reaching out to
	him and --

	-- flashing a mouthful of viper-like fangs! She SNARLS and strikes,
	brutally raking her claws across Blade's face, knocking the sword
	from his grasp --

	A TRIO OF BLACK-CLAD VAMPIRES

	led by Mercury step from the shadows where they'd been waiting all
	along. They're armed with tasers which they fire en masse --

	Blade is hit by the taser darts from all sides. He writhes as
	electricity courses through him, then collapses in a heap. He labors
	to lift his head, looking up at Vanessa -- 

				BLADE
		But you -- died --

				VANESSA
			(a hellish smile)
		Deacon brought me back. 

				BLADE
		Fight him --

	As if on cue, Frost appears at Vanessa's side, wrapping a proprietary
	arm about her waist, kissing the nape of her neck. She leans into him
	-- an act of practiced intimacy.

				FROST
		She can't. She's one of my thralls 
		now. She has about as much free will 
		as a puppet on a string.
			(looking at Vanessa)
		You love me, don't you, Vanessa? 

				VANESSA
		Yes.

	Frost kisses Vanessa hungrily. Then he kneels and reaches into
	Blade's jacket, retrieving a vial of Blade's serum.

				FROST
		What do we have here? Your precious 
		serum? I don't think you'll be needing 
		this anymore.

	Frost crushes the vial in his fist. Blade struggles to reach Frost,
	stretching a palsied hand upwards --

				BLADE
		Please -- 

				VANESSA
		Listen to your father, Jason. It's 
		going to be a better world.

	Blade stares at Vanessa uncomprehending. 

				FROST
		Don't look so surprised, Blade. You've 
		spent your life looking for the 
		vampire who fathered you. Well you can 
		rest easy now, you've found him.
			(gripping Blade's chin)
		Daddy's here.

	Blade's eyes widen in shock. Frost simply laughs.

				FROST
		It's true, Blade. You've got my blood 
		running through your veins.
			(smiling)
		Thirty years ago. A moonlit street, a 
		woman on her way home alone. You were 
		conceived the night I tore my fangs 
		into your mother's flesh. 

	Frost swings his fist into Blade's skull. Everything goes black. 

	CUT TO:

	INT. ARMORED TRUCK - NIGHT

	FADE IN as Blade opens his eyes, still groggy, his face beaded with
	sweat. Feverish. His hands have been bound tightly behind his back
	with manacles and chains. 

	KAREN

	sits nearby, watching him. From the steady rocking motion and the
	SOUNDS of traffic outside, it's evident that they are in the back of
	a moving truck.

				KAREN
		Are you all right?

				BLADE
			(weakly)
		I've been better --

				BLADE
		How long have we been driving?

				KAREN
			(shaking her head)
		I don't know. I woke up just before 
		you did --

	As he struggles to sit up, she crosses over to him. Blade shuts his
	eyes for a moment, fighting a wave of pain.

				KAREN
		Is it bad?

				BLADE
			(nodding)
		We get out of this alive, maybe I'll 
		take that miracle cure of yours.

	Karen doesn't respond. Instead she looks away. How in the world is
	she supposed to tell him this?

				KAREN
			(quietly)
		It won't work on you.

				BLADE
		What are you talking about?

	Karen forces herself to meet his gaze.

				KAREN
		Your condition's congenital, the 
		genetic mutations occurred in utero. 
		All the other victims contracted 
		vampirism after birth. 

	Blade stares at Karen, disbelieving. Who could imagine a more
	horrifying irony? She's crying now. She can't help it.

				KAREN
		I can't cure you, Blade. I can cure 
		myself, but I can't cure you.
			(beat)
		I'm so sorry.

	Blade's head sinks, the last vestiges of hope draining out of him.

	And then, as if the final stake were being pounded in, the truck
	lurches to a stop. We hear the ENGINE being killed, then FOOTSTEPS
	approaching, and then a series of BOLTS BEING SHIFTED as --

	-- the back of the truck is thrown open. Frost stands there,
	grinning, flanked by Mercury, Quinn, Vanessa, and a half-dozen other
	VAMPIRE ASSOCIATES. 

				FROST
		Welcome home, children.

	EXT. THE BANK OF EREBUS - NIGHT

	Blade and Karen are dragged from the back of the truck, which is
	revealed now to be an armored car. 

	THE BANK OF EREBUS

	rises up before them. A towering beaux-arts edifice situated in the
	heart of the city's high-priced financial district -- one of the many
	institutions owned and operated by the vampire enclave.

	Frost starts up the marble steps towards a grand, triple-arched
	entrance flanked by Corinthian columns. Karen and Blade are dragged
	along after him. 

	INT. BANK OF EREBUS - ATRIUM - NIGHT

	Frost leads his vampires into a high-ceilinged atrium, moving towards
	a bank of elevators -- one of the doors of which is outfitted with a
	high-tech hand-key ID system.

	Frost places his palm on the ID screen. The screen GLOWS GREEN,
	acknowledging his identity. In response, the doors HISS open.

	INT. SECURITY ELEVATOR - NIGHT

	Blade and Karen are pulled inside the elevator. The control panel
	buttons have vampire glyphs, rather than numbers. Frost presses the
	bottom one. The doors close with a WHOOSH and the car descends --
	down, down, down.

	Frost glances over at Karen, smiling amiably.

				FROST
		On its surface, this building houses 
		one of the city's oldest financial 
		institutions -- and for over 
		two-hundred years its served our 
		corporate needs. Look beneath the 
		surface, however, and you'll discover 
		another truth entirely --

	The elevator CHIMES, having arrived at its destination. The doors
	HISS open, revealing 

	INT. THE TEMPLE OF NIGHT 

	A vast, barrel-vaulted chamber lined with recessed tombs stretches
	out before us -- an underground cathedral of sorts, wrought from
	alabaster and marble. Restrained. Elegant. Replete with dark
	splendor.

				FROST
		As above, so below.

	Torches burn in wall sconces, casting everything in a warm, amber
	glow. Frost takes in the beauty of the place.

				FROST
		Welcome to our hall of ancients, 
		Doctor. We call it the Temple of 
		Night.

	Blade and Karen are led to the middle of the room, where a stone
	altar rises up from a dais. Blade is roughly thrown to the ground. He
	kneels there, eyes cast downward. Broken. His system being assaulted
	by the devastating effects of the Thirst. 

	Quinn and Mercury pick their way through Blade's discarded gear.
	Quinn picks up the punching dagger, admiring it. 

	Frost turns to Mercury, who's been holding Blade's scabbarded sword.

				FROST
		Let's see this sword of his.

	Mercury draws the sword, handing it to Frost. He sights down the
	length of it, testing its weight. With a flick of his wrist, he
	lashes out, slashing Blade's cheek open. 

				FROST
		Still quite sharp, I see.

	Blade feebly struggles to rise. Frost clubs him on the back of the
	neck with the sword pommel. Blade crumples. Karen tries to pull free,
	but Quinn holds her tight.

				KAREN
		Blade --

				FROST
		You're wasting your breath, woman. He 
		can't hear you now. It's the Thirst, 
		you see? It already has him in its 
		grip.

	Frost reaches down, dragging Blade's head up by his hair. Karen
	watches on as Frost continues to taunt him.

				FROST
		How long has it been since you had 
		your serum? Twelve hours? More? You 
		must be quite thirsty by now.

	He crouches down so he's eye to eye with Blade.

				FROST
		What does it feel like? Is your blood 
		on fire? Are you burning up inside? 
		Give in to the Thirst, Blade. Embrace 
		your true nature.

	Blade shivers, grits his teeth, it's like he's going through heroin
	withdrawal. 

				BLADE
		-- go to hell --

	Frost smiles, his eyes burning with an infernal glow.

				FROST
		I've got news for you, Blade. We're 
		already here.

	Frost turns to the others, motioning.

				FROST
		Take him to the sanctuary. It's time 
		he was bled.

	The other vampires retreat, dragging Blade along with them. Karen is
	left alone with Frost and Quinn.

				FROST
		I'd let you watch the proceedings, 
		Doctor, but I'm afraid that privilege 
		is reserved for members of my own 
		race. Don't worry, though, I've made 
		alternate arrangements for you.

	Frost motions and Quinn drags Karen towards --

	THE MOUTH OF A PIT

	some forty feet deep, its lichen-encrusted stone walls worn smooth
	over time. As Frost gestures to the yawning darkness beneath them,
	Quinn forces Karen towards the edge. 

				FROST
		We call this the Bone Pit. It's where 
		we keep our mistakes, the ones who 
		couldn't successfully make the 
		transition from human to vampire. 

	Frost reaches out, caressing Karen's neck, puncturing the soft flesh
	beneath her chin with a razored fingernail.

				FROST
		They'll feed on anything, given the 
		chance -- animals, corpses, even other 
		vampires.

	Frost nods. Karen struggles against Quinn, but it's no good. In a
	manner of seconds, she's falling --

	INT. BONE PIT - NIGHT

	-- making a decidedly rough landing on a heap of bones far below. She
	GROANS, taking stock of her battered body.

	UP ABOVE,

	Deacon watches from the lip of the pit, amused. 

				FROST
		Of course, a strapping young woman 
		like yourself -- well I think you just 
		might be considered finger food.

	And with that, he's gone, stepping away from the pit.

	INT. TEMPLE OF NIGHT - BLEEDING CHAMBER - NIGHT

	We are in a small, elevated antechamber which is situated above the
	main vampire sanctuary.

	BLADE, 

	now weakened to the point of collapse, is being lashed to a rack-like
	device by iron chains. 

	Mercury and her cohorts move efficiently, quickly securing him. When
	they are through, the rack is hoisted up into the air via a series of
	winch-driven chains. 

	With every turn of the winch crank, the chains are drawn tighter,
	causing Blade to CRY OUT, until at last, he is suspended in mid-air,
	spread-eagle. 

	FROST

	approaches, still carrying Blade's sword.

				FROST
		It's been a long road, hasn't it? Such 
		a pity Whistler led you so far astray. 

	Frost cocks his head to the side, studying Blade's face.

				FROST
		I don't blame you, though. I want you 
		to know that. Even after all you've 
		done. I understand, Blade, I really 
		do. It's the human side of you which 
		has corrupted your reasoning, made you 
		weak. But we'll take care of that, 
		won't we?

	Blade struggles to lift his head, forcing himself to match Frost's
	gaze, shaking with hatred.

				BLADE
		I'd kill myself -- before I turned 
		into something like you.

	Frost just smiles and shakes his head.

				FROST
		No you wouldn't. I'm going to bleed 
		you dry, Blade. All the poison that 
		makes you human. 
			(drawing closer)
		When the Tide comes, you'll be begging 
		me put you through the Change. 

	Frost lifts up Blade's sword, methodically slitting Blade's wrists
	one by one. He makes the cuts lengthwise, opening up the cephalic and
	basilic veins with surgical precision.

	Blood wells up from the fresh wounds, running down Blade's forearms,
	collecting in a cistern beneath his feet. 

	Frost watches the steady, inexorable process, then nods, satisfied.
	He looks to the others who are gathered behind him, watching on with
	silent reverence.

				FROST
		It's done. We should ready ourselves 
		for the ritual of invocation.

	Frost leads Mercury, Quinn, and the others from the sanctuary.

	Blade struggles futilely against his bonds, crying out in
	frustration, his body eventually sagging from exhaustion. 

				VANESSA (O.S.)
		There's no use fighting us, Jason. 

	Blade looks up, focusing now on --

	VANESSA, 

	who has remained behind. Blade stares at her. As terrible as his
	physical torment is, his mother's betrayal is infinitely worse.

				BLADE
		How could you be a part of this?

				VANESSA
		These are my people now. I'm one of 
		them.

				BLADE
		You don't have to be. 

				VANESSA
		You don't understand. I've killed, 
		I've hunted, and I've enjoyed it. 

	She draws closer, caressing her son's face. There's just a hint of
	creepy eroticism in her action, a dash of incest. 

				VANESSA
		I wish you could see the world as I 
		do. Deacon opened my eyes. There's no 
		turning back from that.

				BLADE
		I don't believe that.

				VANESSA
		You will. Time is on our side. Sooner 
		or later, the Thirst always wins.

	Vanessa turns away now. Blade cries after her --

				BLADE
		Mother!

	Vanessa pauses, looking back, smiling cruelly.

				VANESSA
		Your mother died the night you
		were born. 

	And with that, she's gone, melting into the shadows. 

	CUT TO:

	INT. THE BONE PIT - NIGHT 

	Karen rises, wary, taking in her shadowed surroundings. 

	HEAPS OF HUMAN BONES

	are piled against the pit walls -- skulls, rib-cages, femurs, tibias
	-- all picked clean of flesh. Some of the skulls have large, canine-
	like fangs -- the remnants, no doubt, of long-deceased vampires.

	Suddenly we hear a WHISPER of sorts, the soft CLINKING of bone
	fragments grinding together --

	Karen spins, trying to place the source of the sound. Then she hears
	the SOUND again. Behind her now, closer.

				REVENANT (O.S.)
		Karennnnn --

	Karen looks up with a growing sense of dread.

	A FACE

	emerges from the darkness. Pallid, cadaverous, shedding its
	desiccated flesh. Lidless eyes like black marbles slick with
	Vaseline. A mouth like a raw wound. 

				REVENANT
		Karreennnnnn. I never thought I'd see 
		you againnnnn.

	Karen backs away, realizing who she's standing before.

				KAREN
		Curtis?!

	What used to be Curtis SNARLS, knocking Karen back into the drift-
	pile of bones. It pins her to the ground, kneeling above her,
	gurgling through its gutted trachea.

				CURTIS REVENANT
		Tell, me, Karennn -- ever have second 
		thoughts -- about us?

	Karen SCREAMS, trying to force the revenant away from her, but it
	lunges closer, lolling its distended tongue over her mouth in a
	pathetic approximation of a French kiss.

	She fumbles behind her, choking, grabbing hold of a human femur,
	blindly swinging it upward --

	CRACK! The blow shatters the Curtis-thing's jaw. It rears back,
	falling to the side. 

	Karen crawls out from under its weight, swinging the femur again and
	again --

	CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! Karen pummels the howling horror, driving it
	back until the femur actually splinters in half. The creature's head
	hangs at an awkward angle now, its neck broken -- but still it
	advances, dragging itself back up.

	Sobbing, Karen retreats, clutching the splintered femur like a
	makeshift dagger.

	Curtis charges at her, a blur of slashing claws. At the last moment,
	Karen ducks, thrusting the bone dagger up into Curtis' chest --

	Curtis impales himself, right through the heart. For one split-
	second, his eyes widen in surprise --

	-- and then he goes into a death-spasm, vomiting up a spray of
	caustic vampire blood-bile, spattering Karen. She sinks to her knees,
	GASPING, as the thing that used to be Curtis shrivels up, melting
	away into burbling puddle.

	After a beat, Karen rises and moves to the pit wall, running her
	hands over the lichen-slick surface, searching for a way out. The
	mortar between the brickwork is ancient, crumbling. 

	Karen looks to the ground, reaching for one of the splintered femurs.
	She pounds it into the mortar between two bricks -- and it holds,
	working as a makeshift piton.

	Karen reaches for another broken femur, lodging it a foot above the
	first. She hauls her body up now, suspending her weight from the two
	makeshift pitons. Again, they hold.

	Trembling from exertion, Karen pulls the right piton free, hanging
	solely from her left hand now. Though her handhold is precarious, she
	manages to swing the right hand up again, pounding that piton another
	foot above the left.

	In this slow, torturous manner, Karen begins to climb her way up out
	of the pit.

	INT. TEMPLE OF NIGHT - BLEEDING CHAMBER - NIGHT

	Blade hangs from his chains, head slack, eyes half-lidded and
	lusterless. His skin has grown ashen as his life's blood has been
	bled away.

	Mercury appears before him, accompanied by Quinn. She bends in close
	to kiss Blade lightly on the lips.

				MERCURY
		It won't be long now, lover. 

	Quinn draws alongside her, hefting Blade's punching dagger. He places
	it against Blade's throat, slowly applying pressure. At this point,
	Blade's too weak to even resist.

				QUINN
		We should finish him off.

				MERCURY
			(shaking her head)
		No. Deacon wants him turned.

	Quinn releases Blade, disgusted. 

				QUINN
		Fucking waste, if you ask me.

	As Mercury and Quinn exit, the CAMERA DROPS DOWN to the cistern
	beneath Blade's feet. We follow the blood which has collected there
	as it flows into a crude drain and --

	INT. SANCTUARY - NIGHT 

	-- emerges from the ceiling of the sanctuary below. The stream of
	blood is directed down the channels of a spiral column, where it
	finally pools into a waiting chalice.

	PULL BACK TO REVEAL

	the sanctuary in full. A large circular chamber, the perimeter of
	which is lined with recessed alcoves housing the remains of the
	vampire ancients, set into the sanctuary walls like cells in a hive.

	DEACON FROST

	stands in the center of the chamber, allowing Vanessa to clothe him
	in ceremonial regalia -- gleaming, centuries-old armor. He pauses,
	kissing her hungrily.

	Having finished suiting up, he turns to face the vampires who have
	been faithful to his cause -- Mercury, Quinn, a host of others. A
	hush settles upon them. There's an excitement in the air, a sense
	that something remarkable is about to happen.

				FROST
		Tonight is the night we've waited our 
		entire lives for. Tonight, the 
		blood-dimmed Tide is loosed upon the 
		world. Tonight, the Age of Man comes 
		to an end. 

	The vampires bellow out a CHORUS OF CHEERS, their voices resonating
	off the stone walls like thunder. 

	CUT TO:

	INT. TEMPLE OF NIGHT - BONE PIT - NIGHT

	Karen's hands appear over the lip of the bone pit. She heaves herself
	up, collapsing onto the floor --

	-- but there's no time to rest. Even now she can hear the VAMPIRES
	CHEERING. She drags herself to her feet, letting the voices guide
	her.

	CUT TO:

	INT. ANTECHAMBER - NIGHT

	Karen slips around a corner, guarded, searching. She SEES Blade
	strung up before her, seemingly lifeless.

	Karen studies the chains which bind Blade, following them back to
	their source at the winch. She releases the brake on the winch crank,
	sending the chains RATTLING down through the overhead pulleys which
	suspend them. 

	Blade crumples to the floor, lying still. Karen is at his side in an
	instant --

				KAREN
			(whispering, urgent)
		Blade.

	Blade's eyes flicker open, fixing on her. Inhuman. He's shaking
	like an alcoholic going into delirium tremens.

	INT. TEMPLE SANCTUARY - NIGHT

	Vanessa hands Frost the chalice containing Blade's blood. He lifts it
	up for all to see. The vampires begin to chant en masse, some long-
	forgotten invocation in the vampire tongue.

				FROST
			(grinning, to himself)
		"And what rough beast, its hour come 
		round at last, slouches towards 
		Bethlehem to be born?"

	Frost lifts the chalice to his lips and begins to drink. 

	CUT TO:

	INT. ANTECHAMBER - NIGHT

	Blade tries to sit up, gripping Karen's wrist --

				BLADE
		Get out of here --

				KAREN
		I'm not leaving without you.

				BLADE
		You don't understand. The Thirst --

	He clutches his stomach, experiencing phenomenal pain.

				BLADE
			(gasping)
		-- tearing me -- apart.

				KAREN
		I know. Take some of my blood.

				BLADE
		No --

				KAREN
		It's the only way. You know that. 
		We'll never get out of here alive if 
		you don't.

	Blade suppresses a shudder. Simply keeping himself from attacking her
	takes every ounce of his resolve.

				BLADE
		I can't -- I won't be able to stop --

				KAREN
		Yes you will. The human side of you is 
		stronger. I know it is.

	Karen matches Blade's gaze, steeling herself. The truth is, she's
	terrified. 

	Blade stares back at her. At this moment, he wants what Karen is
	offering more than anything he's ever desired. And so he rises --

	CUT TO:

	INT. TEMPLE OF NIGHT - SANCTUARY - NIGHT

	Frost continues drinking down the blood, when suddenly, a force
	seizes his body. He throws his head back, eyes rolling to white,
	flinging the chalice aside.

	And as the vampire incantation reaches a fevered pitch, we SEE the
	stone tomb tablets off the vampire ancestors beginning to judder --
	as if some force within were trying to break free --

	CUT TO:

	INT. ANTECHAMBER - NIGHT

	Karen turns her head to the side, baring her neck, offering herself
	to Blade. Blade opens his mouth. His canines elongate. He lowers his
	head --

	-- and starts to feed. Karen involuntarily stiffens as Blade's teeth
	puncture her skin and we --

	CUT TO:

	INT. TEMPLE SANCTUARY - NIGHT

	Frost shakes, possessed by an unseen force. A wind picks up from
	nowhere, swirling about the chamber, accompanied by a strange
	HUMMING. 

	Suddenly, one of the tombs BURSTS OPEN. A WRAITH-LIKE SPIRIT rushes
	outward in a fountain of light, penetrating Frost's body.

	Then ANOTHER TOMB SPLITS APART. Then ANOTHER, and ANOTHER -- until a
	torrent of SPIRIT-WRAITHS are surging into Frost, buffeting him about
	like a scarecrow in a cyclone.

	Mercury, Vanessa, and the other vampires back away, apprehensive,
	humbled by what they're witnessing.

	CUT TO:

	INT. ANTECHAMBER - NIGHT

	Blade moans, sinking his teeth deeper. Karen's head rolls back. Her
	eyes open -- glassy, unseeing -- as a wave of ecstasy overtakes her. 

	She shudders, her breath quickening, falling into a synchronous
	rhythm with Blade's. Her fingers dig deep into his back, clawing
	downward, tearing into him -- 

	She's not Karen anymore -- she's a red blood cell, an erythrocyte,
	spinning in a river of plasma, roaring up Blade's femoral artery,
	racing towards the pumping chambers of his heart which beats like the
	deafening breath of God, which blots all other sounds out of
	existence and we're --

	CUTTING BACK AND FORTH NOW

	between Frost's transformation and Blade's, each of them growing
	stronger by the second, caught in an ever-increasing feedback loop of
	expanding energy until --

				BLADE
		NO!!!!

	Blade tears himself from Karen, his pulse racing as -- 

	CUT TO:

	INT. TEMPLE SANCTUARY - NIGHT

	-- the invocation of LaMagra reaches critical mass. Frost is consumed
	by a hellish force, unable to withstand the onslaught of spirit
	energy any longer. 

	CUT TO:

	INT. ANTECHAMBER - NIGHT

	-- Karen clawing at Blade, tears streaming down her cheeks.

				KAREN
		Don't stop --

	But Blade grips her by her shoulders, shoving her back. Karen stares
	at Blade, wide-eyed, as if waking from a trance. She touches the raw
	wounds on her neck, shaken --

				KAREN
		My God --

	Blade rises to his full height. His strength has more than returned,
	it's been doubled by the infusion of real blood. And there's
	something else in his gaze now too -- an animal fury that was missing
	before. Blade has taken one giant step closer to the darkness. 

				KAREN
			(hesitant)
		Are you -- all right?

	Blade pulls at the chains manacled to his wrists, SNAPPING them apart
	like toys. He flexes his hands -- fingernails lengthening to tapered
	points. And he smiles, offering us a view of his canines, which have
	elongated into fangs.

				BLADE
			(near-demonic)
		Never been better.

	INT. TEMPLE SANCTUARY - NIGHT

	The aftermath. Smoke hangs heavy in the air, occluding the area where
	Frost had stood. As it dissipates, Mercury and the others creep
	forward, apprehensive --

				MERCURY
		Deacon?

	FROST

	stands with his back to us, his body trailing wisps of occult fumes.
	As he slowly turns, we catch a glimpse of his eyes -- burning with an
	awesome, inner fire. 

				FROST
		No longer.

				BLADE (O.S.)
		Frost!!!

	All heads turn --

	BLADE 

	stands at the balcony overhead, Karen at his side. He leaps from it,
	somersaulting down to the floor below, landing on his feet like a
	predatory cat.

				BLADE
		Who dies first?

				FROST
			(growling, to the others)
		Take him.

	Quinn GROWLS, stepping forward, armed with Blade's punching dagger.
	He offers his second "new hand" up for view. 

				QUINN
		Grew another hand for you sweetmeat --
			(tossing the dagger to his new hand)
		-- and now I'm gonna kill you with it.

	Quinn charges. Blade meets the vampire head-on, dropping into a low
	kick and sweeping the vampire's legs out from under him. He spins
	behind Quinn -- 

				BLADE
		Let's see if you can grow a new one
		of these!

	Blade hooks a finger through the metal ring at the end of his jacket
	sleeve, pulling out a retractable strangle-wire which he twists
	around Quinn's throat. 

	Blade tightens the wire, decapitating Quinn. The headless body
	staggers about, then drops to the cavern floor. Blade scoops up his
	punching dagger --

				BLADE
		Next?

	Mercury and the other faithful vampires charge en masse. Blade
	launches a spinning wheel kick into the first vamp's face, SNAPPING
	its neck --

	Mercury has Blade's .454 Casulls. She aims them at him --

				MERCURY
		Have a taste of your own medicine!

	As she FIRES, Blade tucks and rolls, knocking one of the guns from
	her hand. The guns spins across the floor, where it's scooped up
	by --

	KAREN,

	who takes aim at an approaching vamp, BLOWING it away.

	Meanwhile, Blade traps Mercury's other hand, disarming her, flipping
	her over his shoulder. He hefts his Casull, BLASTING her into
	eternity --

	A bloodbath ensues. Blade moves like speed-personified, FIRING off
	one, two, THREE HEADSHOTS with brain-numbing accuracy, cutting down
	the vampires where they stand. 

	It's an orgy of gunpowder smoke and showering bodily fluids and
	-CLICK-CA-CHING-CLICK!- Blade and Karen have spent their bullets
	and --

				FROST (O.S.)
		Enough!!!

	Blade turns to face --

	FROST, 

	who's advancing, clutching Blade's own sword in his hand. He thrusts
	the sword forward --

	Blade presses the grip-trigger on his punching dagger -CHING!- the
	two side blades spread out. We hear the RASP and CLANG of metal on
	metal as Blade manages to trap the sword-point between two of the
	dagger blades --

	For a moment, both men are eye to eye, their weapons locked together,
	then, Frost forces Blade backwards --

	What happens next is the most blindingly-fast sword fight ever
	exposed to celluloid. Both men, fueled by super-human speed, lunge
	and spin across the cavern floor in a blurred ballet of lethal moves.

	Frost lands a powerful blow on Blade's shoulder, the sword-edge
	biting deep into the flesh. Blade SCREAMS. Frost withdraws the sword
	for another strike --

	-- until Blade sees an opening and takes it, slicing Frost's left arm
	off at the shoulder --

	The severed arm releases Blade's sword, but the arm doesn't fall! To
	Frost and Blade's mutual surprise the arm floats in mid-air, bleeding
	red, quivering like zero-G liquid, then SLURPING back to Frost's arm-
	stump to re-attach itself!

	Undaunted, Blade slices the punching dagger into Frost's mid-section,
	meeting only liquid-like resistance. The moment Blade withdraws his
	dagger, Frost's flesh seals itself up again.

	Blade hesitates now, uncertain -- and Frost laughs, understanding
	what has happened.

				FROST
		You're too late, Blade. I'm already 
		changing. Don't you see? The Sleeper 
		has awakened. I'm not just Frost 
		anymore. I'm becoming a god now, 
		blood incarnate.

	Even as Frost utters the words, his body begins to ripple and morph,
	bleeding red, taking on the characteristics of liquid. He doesn't
	walk so much now as flow. He's become a three-dimensional creature of
	animated blood! A blood demon.

	ON KAREN,

	as she watches Frost's transformation, wide-eyed. She SEES Blade's
	discarded sword, reaches for it -- suddenly, a SHADOW moves on the
	periphery of her vision --

	VANESSA

	rushes at Karen in a near-blur. The SNARLING hellion is upon Karen in
	an eye-blink, SLAMMING her down against the temple floor, pinning
	her. 

				VANESSA
		Did you think I'd forgotten you, you 
		little whore?

	BACK TO FROST,

	who towers above Blade, swaying back and forth in his new, liquid-
	like form.

				FROST
		You can't hurt me anymore. 

	WHOOSH! Frost rises upwards on a spiraling column of blood, HOWLING
	WITH LAUGHTER, then just as suddenly --

	-- splashes back to earth, spreading out in a widening pool. In the
	blink of an eye, he streams through Blade's feet, re-solidifying
	behind Blade. Blade spins, swings his dagger --

	Once again, Frost morphs into blood-form. He races around Blade in a
	series of spouting arcs, turning from blood-form to solid and back
	again in a series of split-second transformations.

	Blade whirls, striking with his dagger and missing every time --

	WHOOSH! Frost suddenly dissipates, SPLASHING away into a million
	zero-G blood bubbles, vanishing. Blade spins, unnerved, trying to
	pin-point his foe's next manifestation.

				BLADE
		Where are you?!

	Frost's voice answers from all directions.

				FROST
		Everywhere.

	A DROPLET OF BLOOD

	spatters the floor at Blade's feet. Blade looks up --

	A SHOWER OF BLOOD

	rains from above, coalescing into Frost as he sweeps down on Blade
	like a giant bird of prey, crushing him against the temple floor. 

				FROST
		You want my blood so much?! Take it!

	Frost's arms elongate and liquefy, flowing into two snake-like spouts
	of blood -- the rest of Frost remains solid. The blood-spouts twist
	around Blade's neck, melding together, completely encasing Blade's
	head in a bubble of blood.

	Blade claws at the blood-bubble as if it were a solid object that he
	could dislodge, but his fingers just pass through it!

	BACK TO VANESSA

	as she wraps a hand around Karen's throat, choking her.

	As Karen struggles, she frees a hand, sliding it down to her hip
	pocket, digging something out -- Whistler's vampire mace canister!

	She forces it up between them, triggering a jet of TOXIC MIST into
	Vanessa's face --

	Vanessa recoils, HOWLING, her head smoking as if it were doused with
	formic acid, skin sloughing off from her skull. Karen lunges for
	Blade's sword --

	BACK TO FROST AND BLADE

	Blade is drowning in Frost's blood. His eyes bulge. Oxygen bubbles
	stream from his mouth. Frost leans in close, his face a twisted mask
	of insanity.

				FROST
		I was wrong about you, Blade. You were 
		never one of us. You're a traitor to 
		your race. 

				KAREN (O.S.)
		Get away from him!

	Frost looks up -- Karen is wielding Blade's sword. She brings it down
	on Frost, severing the blood-tendrils which envelope Blade. The
	blood-bubble dissolves instantly, flowing away from Blade's face. He
	gasps, chokes in air --

	Frost backs away, horrified. His blood-tendrils don't reform.
	Instead, the lay where they fell, solidifying into crystalline
	powder.

				KAREN
		Blade!

	Karen flings the sword at Blade. 

	THE SWORD 

	spins end over end, its mirrored surface reflecting coruscating
	pinwheels of candlelight as Blade catches the weapon by its hilt.

	Blade rises, advancing on Frost, sword outstretched and Frost
	retreats, uncertain now.

				BLADE
		Guess you're not quite as invulnerable 
		as you thought.

				FROST
		You're wrong -- a few minutes more, and 
		my transition will be complete. Even 
		your sword won't be able to affect me 
		then.

				BLADE
		You don't have a few minutes, Frost.

	Frost eyes Blade warily, then lunges towards Vanessa, sweeping behind
	her. Blade follows, but even as he raises his sword to strike, Frost
	spins Vanessa around, using her body as a shield!

	Blade hesitates, stopping the sword in mid-strike, catching his
	mother's gaze -- her face is monstrous now, scarred by Karen's
	poisonous mace. Piteous, really. 

	Frost smiles, for he's found a final weakness of Blade's to exploit.

				FROST
			(laughing cruelly)
		Just as I thought. Still chained to 
		your mother's breast after all these 
		years.

	In the same instant, Vanessa's features morph, taking on the angelic,
	youthful vibrancy she possessed in the locket photo.

				FROST
			(gloating)
		You're too human, Blade. 

				BLADE
			(steeling himself)
		It's because I'm human that I can do 
		this.

	Frost's eyes widen in shock, but he has no time to react, for --

	Blade is already LUNGING forward, driving the sword-point through
	Vanessa's chest, on into Frost's heart! It strikes the stone behind
	them, SHATTERING and --

	Frost and Vanessa HOWL AS ONE, their SCREAMS rising to an unendurable
	intensity as the two vampires go nova, exploding into an expanding
	ball of light and ATOMIZING BLOOD.

	Blade is thrown back off his feet, having to shield his eyes from the
	backlash of occult energy as a near tidal WAVE of blood surges over
	him -- 

	EXT. BANK OF EREBUS - CITY STREET - NIGHT

	Every door and window of the bank is BLOWN OUTWARD from the force of
	the EXPLOSION. While along the street, manhole covers flip from their
	moorings, spinning up into the air like dimes, being buoyed by
	geysers of blood.

	INT. TEMPLE SANCTUARY - NIGHT

	Silence, just the steady DRIP-DRIP of liquid draining. The underworld
	temple gleams with a crimson sheen now. 

	ON BLADE 

	as he stirs. He's been blown clear across the sanctuary by the force
	of the blast, soaked to the quick by blood. He rises to his feet,
	retrieving the hilt of his shattered weapon. At his feet -- 

	THE SWORDBLADE 

	lies in pieces. Amidst them, we find the singed remains of the locket
	-- Vanessa's face barely recognizable beneath the grime. Blade stoops
	to pick it up.

				KAREN (O.S.)
		Blade?

	Blade turns. Karen moves to him, searching his eyes. Which side of
	Blade's soul has won out? Human or vampire?

	Then she SEES the tears rimming Blade's eyes, the first he's shed in
	a lifetime. Human. 

	They embrace, holding each other that way for a long, long time. And
	we --

	DISSOLVE TO:

	EXT. ROOFTOP, BANK OF EREBUS - DAWN

	Blade and Karen stand on the rooftop, watching as dawn slowly creeps
	across the silent city.

				KAREN
		I never imagined I'd be so happy to 
		see the sun rise --
			(turning to him)
		It's over, isn't it?

				BLADE
		For them. But for me --

	He lifts his face towards the rising sun, letting its warmth wash
	over his upturned face.

				BLADE
		I feel like it's finally beginning.

	And on that note we leave them -- TWO FIGURES, silhouetted against
	the new day.

	FADE TO BLACK.

	THE END

    EXT. COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK - NIGHT

    PULL BACK from a neon red cross ablaze in the cold December
    night to REVEAL an inner-city, store-front clinic.  Trash and
    leaves blow over wet, snowy pavement.

    ANGLE ON a PALE FIGURE standing across the street.  He looks
    feverish and strung-out, in serious need of a fix.  This is
    JARED NOMAK, 20s.  He starts towards the clinic.

    INT. COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK - ENTRANCE - NIGHT

    Potential DONORS sit in a waiting area, filling out forms,
    leafing through informational material.  A sign in the window
    reads: "Se habla Espanol".  Others read: "YOU ARE MAKING A
    DIFFERENCE", "GIVE LIFE", and "BECOME A PLATELET DONOR".  We
    overhear a bored-looking EMPLOYEE behind the information desk
    quizzing someone over the phone:

                        EMPLOYEE
                Have you recently visited a tropical
                country?  Uh-huh?  In the past twelve
                months have you gotten a tattoo, non
                sterile acupuncture, or undergone any
                ear, skin or body piercing?

    We MOVE PAST the employee to Nomak, waiting.

                        NURSE (O.S.)
                Jared Nomak?

    Nomak looks up.  We get a better look at his face now - he
    has a thin scar running from his lower lip down his chin.  A
    childhood accident, perhaps.  A NURSE smiles and motions for
    him to join her.  She's carrying a clipboard.

                        NURSE (CONT'D)
                Hi.  We're ready for you now.

    INT. COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK - HALLWAY - NIGHT

    Nomak follows the Nurse into a dimly-lit hallway.  We track
    their progress in a convex safety mirror suspended from the
    hallway ceiling as they pass all manner of medical supplies --
    centrifuges, an apheresis device, etc.

                        NURSE
                    (referring to her clipboard)
                I see from your questionnaire that you
                don't have any immediate next of kin?

                        NOMAK
                Not that I'm in contact with.

                        NURSE
                Nobody to call in case of an emergency?

                        NOMAK
                No --
                    (apprehensive)
                Does that mean I can't be a donor?

                        NURSE
                It depends.  We came up with some
                unusual results on your blood test.

    Nomak follows the Nurse to a steel door were TWO SECURITY
    GUARDS await them.  Both look bored, paying little attention
    to the monitor which offers a view of the examining room
    beyond.  There is also a small window with safety glass.
    GUARD #1 opens the door, following Nomak and the Nurse
    inside.  GUARD #2 remains behind, manning the hallway.

    INT. COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK - EXAMINING ROOM - NIGHT

    The Nurse ushers Nomak into the room, indicating he should
    sit in a kind of reclining dental chair with arm and
    headrests.  Nomak notices a security camera mounted above.

                        NOMAK
                    (anxious)
                How unusual?

    Beat.  The Nurse sets aside Nomak's file, looking
    uncomfortable.

                        NURSE
                Your blood has a very rare phenotype,
                one that's quite valuable to people like
                us.

                        NOMAK
                Us?  What are you talking about?

    A kind-faced DOCTOR enters, nodding to Guard #1.

                        DOCTOR
                It's a good news-bad news scenario,
                Jared.  Good news for us, bad for you.

    The Doctor and Nurse smile, BARING FANGS.  We realize now
    that they are both vampires.  The Guard, too.  He grips Nomak
    by the throat, forcing him back into the restraint chair.  As
    the vampire Guard does so, his hand brushes against Nomak's
    jaw.  The flesh on Nomak's chin briefly separates along the
    scar - almost as if it were a seam.

    The guard pauses - and Nomak LAUGHS.  Definitely NOT the
    reaction the vampires were expecting from a potential victim.
    Nomak starts to shake and twitch, like he's going into some
    kind of seizure.  The whites of his eyes bleed red.  He
    throws his head back, opening his mouth as a PAIR OF RAZOR
    SHARP CANINES extrude from his gums.  These are longer, much
    more lethal-looking than the fangs of the vampires and --

    Nomak lashes out, knocking the Guard backwards.  The Nurse
    SCREAMS.  Nomak clamps his mouth onto her throat, SLAMMING
    her back against the wall.

    The vampire Doctor rushes to the door, scrambling to unbolt
    it.  Nomak reaches for him, HOWLING with blood-drunk laughter
    as he lifts the Doctor up.  Nomak flings the Doctor about
    like a toy, using his body to SMASH the lights, then the
    security camera above.

    INT. COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK - HALLWAY - NIGHT

    We hear SCREAMS and HORRIBLE NOISES coming from the examining
    room.  Guard #2 draws a gun and looks to the security monitor
    with alarm.  The screen goes black.  He looks to the small
    window, trying to peer into the now-darkened room beyond --

    SPLASH!  A wave of blood smears across a window.  A HAND
    wipes a patch of blood away, revealing Nomak's baleful,
    distorted eyes.  Guard #2 starts to back away when --

    BANG!  Nomak slams against the other side of the steel door.
    BANG!BANG!BANG!  The door begins to bend, hand-shaped
    impressions bulging outward as Nomak starts to peel the door
    apart like it was an aluminum can.

    Guard #2 has seen enough.  He turns and runs even as the door
    CAVES INWARD off its hinges.  Forward momentum sends the door
    sliding across the hallway floor where it trips up the Guard.

    ON THE DOORWAY

    as Nomak steps into the hallway.  Because of the lights
    above, there are alternating pools of light and shadow in the
    hall.  Nomak advances towards us, his face coming in and out
    of darkness.

                        NOMAK
                Vampires --

    With each pool of light, his awful smile seems to distort
    further and further, until his mouth seems to be widening all
    the way back to his ears.

                        NOMAK (CONT'D)
                I fucking hate vampires.

    On the floor, the vampire Guard CRIES OUT in fear, helplessly
    raising his hands to defend himself.  Nomak HOWLS and leaps
    towards him/us, blacking out the screen with his hurtling
    form as we --

                                                            CUT TO:

    EXT. INNER-CITY BACK-ALLEY - NIGHT

    BOOM!  A second-story door flies open and FIVE VAMPIRE thug
    wannabes come spilling out.  They race down a flight of
    stairs, tripping and tumbling over themselves.  In descending
    order, they are: RUSH, a pimped-out Vanilla Ice clone wearing
    Karl Kani gear, followed by JIGSAW, ST. CLOUD, T-BAG and
    SEGURA.

    BLADE

    exits just behind them, eschewing the stairs completely and
    vaulting over the railing.  He unholsters his MACH pistol as
    he drops, FIRING it as he lands in a cat-like stance on the
    snowy ground below --

    BA-BANG!  A silver-tipped bullet punches through T-Bag's
    chest.  He turns to ash even as his fellow vamps dash through
    the disintegrating cloud that used to be his body.  The
    embers melt the snow where they land.

    A super-charged foot chase ensues, with hunter and prey
    moving at speeds in excess of anything a human would ever be
    capable of.  We're talking thirty-five, even forty miles an
    hour.

    ON BLADE

    Running like a bull, condensed vapor streaming from his mouth
    and nostrils.  Splashing through puddles of icy water
    storming through barriers of plywood and razor wire, leaping
    over mountains of garbage bags.

    ON THE VAMPIRES

    as they flatten a length of cyclone fencing like it was crepe
    paper.  They scramble up an obstacle of waste bins, leaping
    into the air --

    BACK TO BLADE

    pulling out his twin-bladed boomerang as he runs.  He flings
    the weapon.  It twirls around, catching --

    ST. CLOUD IN MID-LEAP

    and cutting the vampire completely in half.  As the
    disintegrating halves of St. Cloud fall to the side, Blade
    storms over the waste bin.

    EXT. INNER-CITY - SECOND ALLEY - NIGHT

    The remaining vampires stumble into a narrower alley where a
    GROUP OF BUMS are warming themselves over a series of oil
    drum fires.

    Jigsaw slips, TRIPPING over one of the burning oil drums,
    catching himself ablaze.  He doesn't give a shit.  He keeps
    on running, barreling his way into --

    INT. NOODLE FACTORY - NIGHT

    -- the back entrance of a cramped, sweat-shop.  Some kind of
    noodle factory filled with steam and equipment and YAMMERING
    FOREIGNERS and --

    -- here comes Blade, hot on the vampires' heels, shouldering
    workers aside and --

    EXT. NOODLE FACTORY - NIGHT

    -- Rush and the remaining vamps spill out onto the street
    where a number of motorcycles are waiting for them -- two BMW
    R1200 motorbikes and a tricked-out Panhead Harley chopper
    with ape-hanger handlebars.

    Rush and Segura leap atop their BMWs.  Jigsaw rolls into a
    puddle of water, dousing himself, then jumps onto his
    chopper.  As the vamps peel out --

    BLADE

    Bursts from the factory.  Segura revs his BMW, trying to run
    him down.  At the last second, Blade pivots aside like a
    matador.  Segura circles around for another try.

    Blade leaps, somersaulting through the air, then lands on the
    back of the bike behind Segura.  SHINGGG!  Blade pulls a
    retractable garrotte wire from the sleeve of his jacket and
    wraps it around Segura's throat.

    With a violent twist, Blade decapitates Segura.  As the
    vampire's headless body turns to ash before him, Blade leans
    forward and takes the controls of the speeding motorcycle.

    WHOOSH!  Blade speeds after the other vamps.

    EXT. STREET - NIGHT

    Rush and Jigsaw gun their bikes for all they're worth.  Up
    ahead, a line of construction barricades are blocking the
    way.  The vampires power on through the barricades, then
    abruptly brake --

    THE OVERPASS

    before them is under construction.  There's a twenty-foot gap
    in the road where a portion is missing, pieces of re-bar
    poking out from the ends of the prefabricated sections.

    Rush and Jigsaw consider their options, but then they hear
    the ROAR of Blade's engine as he comes SCREAMING over the
    rise in the road!

    Fuck it.  Rush powers his chopper forward, making the jump,
    burning rubber as he lands on the far side.  Jigsaw torques
    his handle and follows, rocketing towards the gap.

    ON BLADE

    as he snaps his hand up -- a trio of Japanese throwing stars
    appearing between his fingers like a magician's cards.  He
    flings the stars at Jigsaw's bike --

    The throwing stars hit Jigsaw's back tire and the bike goes
    down, vomiting SPARKS as it slides forward.  Jigsaw is flung
    forward like a ragdoll, out over the gap in the overpass and

    -- WHUNK!  Jigsaw is impaled on the protruding re-bar!  He
    HOWLS, instantly disintegrating as Blade makes the jump!

    UP AHEAD

    Rush cuts onto an on-ramp, powering his way onto the freeway.

    EXT. FREEWAY - NIGHT

    Hyper-speed.  Rush slouches low, trying to cut wind
    resistance and will his bike faster.  He hazards a look back.

    BLADE

    is gaining on him like demon of speed.

    Rush pulls a TEC-9, FIRING back at Blade.  It's no good.
    Blade is nearly upon him, unsheathing his sword from his back
    scabbard --

    Blade JABS his sword forward into Rush's rear-wheel.  The
    bike locks up, flips over, BURSTS INTO FLAMES.  The whole
    screaming wreck slews forward, SHOWERING SPARKS --

    RUSH

    goes flying onto the road, rolling over and over, one of his
    legs SNAPPING at a bone-breaking angle.  As he lies there
    MOANING, Blade circles around, sweeping past Rush's decimated
    bike, retrieving his sward from the burning wreckage.

    Blade kills the engine on his own bike and dismounts.  Rush
    is pathetically trying to drag his broken body to safety.
    Blade approaches, placing his boot heel on the back of Rush's
    neck, forcing his face against the asphalt.  He unholsters
    his MACH, pointing it at the vampire's bleeding head.
    Blade's opening line:

                        BLADE
                Tell me where he his now and I'll
                consider you a loose end.

                                                            CUT TO:

    EXT. MOO-COW CREAMERY - MILK FACTORY - NIGHT

    CLOSE ON a peeling wall mural -- smiling 30s cartoon cow
    winking at us, licking her chops.  The logo reads: "TASTY".

    Blade's matte-black Charger RUMBLES into view and parks in
    front of the abandoned milk factory.  Blade steps out,
    heaving an equipment sack onto his shoulder.

    INT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT

    THREE LACONIC VAMPIRE TOUGHS are playing poker at a card
    table, dealing out novelty nudie cards.  We hear a NOISE.
    One of the vampires approaches a reinforced door.  He slides
    open a viewing slot and peers through.  Nobody outside.  The
    vampire turns back to his poker buddies, shrugging --

                        VAMPIRE
                Nobody's th--

    Before the vampire can even finish his sentence, Blade's
    SWORD punches straight through the door into his chest.  He
    gasps and turns to ash as the sword disengages back out
    through the door and --

    CRASH!  The door explodes open, sending clouds of burning
    vampire embers every which way.  In walks Blade, grinning
    wickedly, MACH ready --

    As the other two vampires rise - POW!  A silver hollow-point
    hits the first one in the neck.  POW!  Another hollow-point
    takes out the second.  The vampires drop, turning to ash.

    Blade holsters his MACH, striding through vampire ash piles.
    The place is eerily quiet here, in stark contrast to the
    mayhem of the last few minutes.  Just the steady, low-pitched
    HUM of machinery.

    Blade starts forward.  Up ahead, a FAINT GLOW is emitting
    from behind an area that's been sectioned off with canvas
    tarps.  Blade sweeps one of the tarps aside --

    THREE LARGE TANKS

    are hidden inside.  The first two are empty.  A MAN is
    suspended within the third, bobbing weightlessly in a sea of
    red plasma.  His long, gray hair floats about his face,
    shrouding his weathered features.  We're not sure if he's
    sleeping or dead.

                        BLADE
                Old man, old man, what've they done to
                you --

    Whistler's ace drifts around into view.  Blade shakes his
    head in sadness.  He looks about for a way to extract
    Whistler, doesn't see any obvious means, then --

    CRASH!  Blade kicks through the glass.  Blood and fluids
    flood out around him as Whistler's limp body tumbles partly
    down, but he's still suspended by the wires and medical
    leads.  Blade unsheathes his sword, severing the wires --

    Whistler falls into his arms.  Blade cradles him, then -- the
    gunsmith's eyes abruptly snap open, flooding with rage.

    Blade staggers back as the HOWLING horror that used to be his
    mentor wraps his hands around Blade's throat, forcing him to
    the ground.  Whistler ROARS, revealing a set of jagged fangs.

                        WHISTLER
                Why didn't you finish me off?!?!  I told
                you --

    Whistler SLAMS the back of Blade's head against the concrete
    floor again and again, punctuating his words with each SLAM --

                        WHISTLER (CONT'D)
                -- TO -- FUCKING -- FINISH -- ME -- OFF!

    Blade knees Whistler in the balls.  Whistler lets go, cupping
    his groin as Blade heaves him aside.
    Blade strips off his gauntlets.  Whistler springs at him
    again.  Blade sinks his fist deep in Whistler's stomach.  As
    Whistler doubles over, Blade twists Whistler's hands behind
    his back, cuffing his wrists together with a pair of titanium
    manacles.

    Blade pulls a restraint hood from his equipment bag and
    quickly slips it over Whistler's head, cinching it tight.

    Another beat.  Whistler doesn't stir.  He's down for the
    count.  Blade pauses a moment, catching his breath as he
    leans on Whistler's still form.  He's exhausted.

                        BLADE
                Come on, Whistler.

    He rises, heaving Whistler's body over his shoulder.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                Let's go home.

    EXT. THE CITY - NIGHT

    Blade's battered Charger knifes through the snow-dusted urban
    blight like a shadow.  Boarded up businesses, tent cities,
    doorways bombed with graffiti throwups -- wherever this
    godforsaken Gomorrah is, it's definitely a notch down on the
    misery scale from the city Blade used to call home.

    Up ahead, the sprawl levels out, giving way to an ice-bound
    harbor wreathed in fog.

    INT. BLADE'S CHARGER - NIGHT

    Blade drives on, inured to the sqaulor.  He made peace with
    the darkness a long time ago.

    EXT. SHIPYARD - NIGHT

    The Charger weaves its way through a maze of scrap metal and
    rusty shipping containers, homing in on a sprawling warehouse
    that's been cordoned off by cyclone fencing and razor wire.
    Utlra-violent floodlights illuminate the area, while security
    cameras keep a watchful eye.

    INT. WAREHOUSE - INDUSTRIAL ELEVATOR - NIGHT

    More UV lights flicker on.  We're in a massive loading
    elevator/platform which HUMS as it ascends, eventually
    reaching its destination with a BOOMING CLANG.  The doors at
    the rear glide open.  Blade guides the Charger out.

    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT

    Santa's workshop by way of Soldier of Fortune.  Industrial
    equipment is strewn everywhere.  Mills, old furnaces, gutted
    vehicles, an ad hoc surgical theater.  We also notice the big
    rig which Scud had been piloting.  Because of various leaking
    overhead pipes, the floor is slick with a sheen of water.
    Blade kills his Charger, looking around as he climbs out.

                        BLADE
                Scud!

    Blade's voice ECHOES throughout the cavernous room.

                        SCUD (O.S.)
                Lock up your daughters, people --

    ANGLE ON SCUD

    A handlebar moustached, weed-sucking stoner.  Thrift-store
    chic, wearing a Jimmy Walker "Dyn-O-Mite!" T-shirt.

                        SCUD (CONT'D)
                The Dark Knight returns.

    Scud is lowering himself down from the ceiling on a rope and
    pulley system where he'd been suspended in a safety harness,
    doing some kind of electrical wiring job.  He reaches the
    floor and unclips himself.  We notice he's wearing a surfer's
    charm around his neck that's been strung with vampire fangs.

    Scud pulls a half-smoked roach from behind his ear, using a
    lighter in the shape of a woman's torso to fire up.  The
    flame jets from a hole in one of her tits.  He takes a
    Spicoli-sized hit and offers the roach to Blade.

                        SCUD (CONT'D)
                Little toke of the smokage, B?

    Blade slaps it from his hand.

                        BLADE
                Knock it off.  We've got work to do.

    Blade opens the trunk.  Scud joins him.

    WHISTLER

    is inside.  Blade unfastens the hood, slipping it off.
    Immediately, Whistler sits up, LUNGING at Blade!

                        SCUD
                Fuck me!

    Blade gets Whistler in a headlock, choking him as he drags
    him out of the trunk.  It's like trying to wrestle a rabid
    pit bull.  He looks to Scud, annoyed.

                        BLADE
                You going to stand there crapping your
                pants or are you going to help me?!

    Scud steps forward, tentative.  Together, he and Blade drag
    Whistler kicking and SCREAMING across the workshop, forcing
    him into a small, cell-like room.

    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - CELL - NIGHT

    WHAP!  Blade throws Whistler onto the concrete floor, pinning
    him as Scud quickly slips a series of chains around him which
    have been secured to the wall.  The opposite wall is covered
    by a series of steel shutters.  As Whistler continues to
    thrash, Blade affixes a muzzle to the older man's mouth.

                        SCUD
                You got something in mind, Blade?

                        BLADE
                Ultra-rapid detox.  They use it on
                heroin addicts, make 'em go cold-turkey
                in one night.

    Blade pulls out a pneumatic syringe, plunging an ampoule of
    amber-colored fluid into the bottle mount.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                Gonna try and OD Whistler on a
                retroviral cure.

                        SCUD
                I don't know about this, man --

    Blade injects Whistler with the syringe.  Whistler HOWLS in
    pain, nearly throwing Blade and Scud off him.

                        BLADE
                    (to Scud)
                Get back!!!

    Scud scurries away.  Whistler's struggles have taken an even
    more violent turn.  Blade beats him back down.

    Finally, Blade steps on Whistler's neck, pinning his head as
    he draws a shotgun from a holster beneath his armpit.  He
    shoves it in Whistler's SNARLING FACE.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                If there's anything of you left in
                there, Whistler, listen up now.  Come
                morning, those shutters are going up.
                Either you'll be cured, or you'll fry.

    Blade raises his foot from Whistler's neck, quickly backing
    out the door.  Whistler THROWS himself at Blade, nearly
    tearing the chains from the wall as --

    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT

    BOOM!  Blade slams the cell door closed.  The door is heavy
    steel.  Nevertheless, Whistler kicks against it, threatening
    to tear it off its hinges.  Blade throws a heavy cross-bar
    over the door.  Then he steps back, joining Scud.

    WHUMP!WHUMP!WHUMP!  Whistler hammers the door again and again
    and again.  But the crossbar holds.  Blade glances at Scud,
    who's looking winded and shaken by the ordeal.

                        BLADE
                It's going to be a long night.

    Scud nods and exits.  Blade drags a chair across the floor,
    setting it in front of the door.  He sits down, shotgun
    resting across his knees, holding vigil.  And off that grim,
    stoic image we --

                                                            CUT TO:

    EXT. CITY DUMP - DAY (20 YEARS AGO)

    Daylight bleaches the image, almost whiting it out.  A WINO
    sifts through refuse, collecting bottles.  Three MUTTS are
    tethered to his side with rope.  He reaches for a bottle,
    cuts himself on a piece of glass.  As he inspects his wound,
    his dogs GROWL.  The Wino looks up --

    A BLACK KID (14) is standing atop a mountain of refuse --
    wiry and intense, perched there like a predator.  The Wino
    glances at his wrist again, the blood, then back up at the
    black kid.  Unnerved, the Wino starts to back away, then
    turns -- BUMPING right into the black kid, who has moved
    beside him with uncanny speed.  (NOTE: this all happens
    within a single, continuous shot.)

    The boy SLAMS the Wino against the trestle wall and SNARLS,
    baring FANGS.  And just as he's about to tear the man's
    throat out --

    A HAND reaches in from off-screen, pulling the boy back.
    It's WHISTLER, twenty years younger and spryer, with a head
    full of RAVEN BLACK hair.

    Whistler throws the boy into the light, forcing him onto the
    ground.  He shoves a .45 against the boy's face and is just
    about to pull the trigger when he stops, NOTICING overhead
    sun reflected in the boy's eyes.  Whistler looks up and SEES
    the sun at high noon, then glances back at the boy in
    understanding.  He smiles.

                        WHISTLER
                Daylight.  Son of a bitch.

                                                            CUT TO:

    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - DAWN

    Blade wakes up, lifts his head.  A shaft of sunlight shines
    directly down onto him, reflecting back at us from his now
    adult eyes.  Blade hasn't moved.  He sits in the chair in
    front of the cell door which is now silent.  He stands,
    unlocking the cell door.  He heaves the cross-bar away.  The
    door GROANS as he opens it.

    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - CELL - DAWN

    Blade enters.  It's dark.  We can just make out Whistler's
    figure huddled in the corner like some kind of caged animal,
    his lanky, gray hair obscuring his face.

    Whistler doesn't stir.  Blade crosses over to the steel
    shutters.  For the briefest moments, he hesitates.  Then he
    hits the switch, readying his shotgun.  With a HUM, the
    shutters rise, throwing a SHAFT OF BLINDING SUNLIGHT over
    Whistler.

    Nothing happens.  Blade lowers his shotgun.  Whistler slowly
    raises his head, fixing Blade with a bloodshot eye.

                        BLADE
                How do you feel?

                        WHISTLER
                Like a fucking heifer took a dump in my
                mouth.

    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - BATHROOM AREA - LATER

    Whistler stands bare-chested before a corroded mirror,
    splashing water from a sink over his face, rinsing off
    shaving cream residue.  He inspects his features -- he's
    cleaned himself up a bit, trimmed his beard, etc.

    He pulls on a fresh shirt, then turns to face Blade, who
    stands behind him.

                        WHISTLER
                You came back for me.

                        BLADE
                Did you think I wouldn't?

                        WHISTLER
                Took you long enough.

    Blade smiles.  That was as close to a thank-you as this old
    junkyard dog is ever going to give.

    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - BACKSTORAGE AREA - DAY

    Whistler has fired up a Lucky Strike.  He's moving through
    the storage area where much of his old equipment has been
    shelved, pulling tarps off, checking things.  Blade follows.

                        BLADE
                Let's just hope you've kicked the Thirst
                for good.  I'll be watching you close.
                You start to back-slide --

                        WHISTLER
                You put a bullet in my brain.  Wouldn't
                expect anything else.

    Whistler takes a long drag, expelling the smoke slowly,
    studying the cigarette in his hand.

                        WHISTLER (CONT'D)
                I'll say one thing for doing time as a
                suckhead.  Seems to have knocked that
                cancer of mine back into remission.

    Blade nods.  Then Whistler stops, obviously frustrated.

                        WHISTLER (CONT'D)
                Where the hell's my lathe?

    Just then we hear the SOUND of an industrial lathe firing up.
    Curious, Whistler exits into --

    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - DAY

    The workshop proper.  Scud is working at Whistler's old
    lathe, bopping his head along to MUSIC which is playing on a
    nearby TV.  The them song to SPEED RACER.  Now he's wearing a
    Ron Jeremy T-shirt that says "Daddy".

                        TV (O.S.)
                Here he comes, here comes Speed Racer!
                He's a demon on wheels.  He's gaining on
                you so you better look alive.  He's busy
                revving up the powerful Mach Five --

    Whistler cocks an incredulous eyebrow at Blade, who has
    fallen in beside him.  Scud kills the lathe and approaches.

                        SCUD
                Whistler.  Cool beans.  Nice to meet
                you, man.  Heard a lot.  I'm Josh
                Frohmeyer.  You can call me Scud,
                though.  That's what most people do.

    Scud offers his hand.  Whistler doesn't take it.  Scud shoots
    an uneasy glance at Blade, raising an eyebrow in question.
    Is Whistler okay, or not?  Blade nods.  Whistler moves over
    to the Charger which has its hood up.

                        WHISTLER
                Tell me something, Skid --

                        SCUD
                Scud.

                        WHISTLER
                Whatever --
                    (checking the motor)
                What'd you do to the Charger?

                        SCUD
                The pimp-mobile?  Just made a few after
                market modifications.  Nitrous-oxide
                injection system, forged aluminum
                pistons and crankshaft, higher flowing
                fuel pump.

                        WHISTLER
                Gave it a more aggressive exhaust
                profile ramping.

                        SCUD
                Fuck yeah.  Whole package'll crank this
                betty up another three-hundred
                horsepower.

                        WHISTLER
                    (cutting him off)
                And you'll burn the damn thing out
                before your next fucking oil change.

    Whistler just looks to Blade and shakes his head.

                        WHISTLER (CONT'D)
                Where'd you dig up this shit-bird
                anyway?

                        SCUD
                Look, what's your problem?

    Whistler gets in Scud's face.  Scud looks to Blade for help,
    but he just watches, letting the two of them sort things out.

                        WHISTLER
                My problem, shitbird, is that I tried to
                blow my fucking head off and wound up
                sucking blood clots for the last year
                and a half!  Now you're standing there
                choking your chicken like we're all
                walking around some fucking candy-ass
                vampire sitcom!

    Scud attempts to show some balls, but stammers all the same.

                        SCUD
                Hey, you think I don't know what's at
                stake here?  We practically compromised
                our whole operation to save your
                puckered old ass!  And for what?

                        WHISTLER
                    (grabs Scud's shirt)
                Our operation?!  Our operation?!  I
                built this operation, you fucking turd
                stain.

    Just then, however, an alarm starts BEEPING.  Scud checks a
    display as Blade readies his MACH.

                        SCUD
                Motion sensors.  Looks like Zone Three.

                        BLADE
                Human?

    Scud checks a series of thermal signature displays.

                        SCUD
                Body temp's fifty so I'll guess suck
                head.

    Scud looks to a bank of security monitors -- the views break
    into static as a FIGURE rushes past them.  He tries a few
    keyboard commands.

                        SCUD (CONT'D)
                I don't understand, I'm not getting
                anything on the surveillance cams.

    Whistler makes a few adjustments on the nearest monitor.

                        WHISTLER
                They're fried.  Whoever's out there is
                using magnesium flares.  Seems like
                they've got your security system stopped
                out pretty well.

    Whistler moves to a rack of weaponry.  As he reaches for CAR
    15, Scud moves to stop him.

                        SCUD
                Whoa, whoa, easy cowboy - I'm not
                trusting you with a weapon just yet.

    Whistler SMACKS Scud in the face with the butt of the CAR-15
    and pushes past him.  We hear a CRASH.

    ANGLE ON

    TWO BLACK, LATEX-CLAD, NINJA LIKE INTRUDERS

    Running on all fours, racing upside down across the ceiling
    at break-neck speed.  Then they drop, somersaulting down
    fifty feet, landing in a cat-like stance.

                        BLADE
                Hit the God-lights.

    Scud, with his nose now bleeding, activates a series of
    stadium-style lights secured to the ceiling.  The entire
    place goes white with UV light, the image nearly blowing out.

    CLOSE ON FIGURES' FACES

    They are wearing metal goggles with iris shut to mere pin
    prick openings.

    Whistler trains the CAR-15 on --

    THE FIRST LATEX CLAD FIGURE

    Who is now removing something from a satchel.  Whistler
    FIRES.  The Intruder drops the object and cartwheels away.

    In the blink of an eye, the Second Intruder has launched
    himself at Whistler, hand-springing off the floor, then
    kicking him in the mid-section.  As Whistler falls back, the
    Second Intruder presses forward.

    ON BLADE

    Unsheathing his sword, rushing at the First Intruder.

    WHAP!  The Intruder traps Blade's forearm, pivoting, planting
    a boot in Blade's ribcage.  Obviously, the Intruder is a
    serious martial arts student.

    WHAP!WHAP!WHAP!  The two of them go at it, unleashing a
    flurry of kicks, blocks, and punches.  The Intruder gets
    Blade in a back-choke.  He twists out of it, throwing the
    Intruder over his shoulder, who neatly cartwheels, springing
    back off the wall at Blade again --

    Blade ducks beneath one of the Intruder's kicks, then traps
    the Intruder's foot, giving it a savage twist.  CRACK!  Blade
    backhands the intruder with a blow so strong that it knocks
    the Intruder to his knees.  Then the Intruder reaches for a
    short sword.  In a heartbeat, the sword is out and against
    Blade's throat.  Just as Blade's sword is not against the
    Intruder's.  It's a stalemate.

                        SECOND INTRUDER
                Stop!!!!!

    Blade and the First Intruder freeze.  The Second Intruder
    steps away from Whistler, whom he clearly had the drop on,
    and tosses the CAR-15 to the ground.

                        SECOND INTRUDER (CONT'D)
                We didn't come here to fight.  We came
                to deliver a message.

    Blade looks back to the First Intruder.  Then slowly
    withdraws his sword.  The Intruder does the same.  Blade
    turns off the God-lights.  The UVs fade and normal lighting
    returns.  Scud and Whistler pick themselves up off the floor.

                        BLADE
                Take off your masks.

    The Intruders remove their masks.  The first is ASAD, a
    cautious Sufi Muslim possessing a restrained nobility.

    The second is a woman, NYSSA.  20-something, with emerald
    eyes and strong, darkly exotic features.  Both are Vampire.

                        ASAD
                My name is Asad.  This is Nyssa.  We
                represent the Shadow Cabinet.  The
                ruling body of Vampire nation.  They're
                offering you a truce.  They want to meet
                with you.

                        SCUD
                    (wiping blood from his nose)
                Bullshit.

    Blade holds up his hand, silencing Scud's outburst.  He nods
    for Nyssa and Asad to continue.

    Nyssa slowly crouches and reaches for the object she dropped
    - a CD.  She tosses it to Blade.  Still keeping an eye on
    them, Blade slips the CD into a reader.  We SEE a slide-show
    of video capture shots taken from a surveillance camera.
    Nomak tearing into the blood bank staff, etc.

                        NYSSA
                For decades you've been the thing we've
                feared the most.  But there's something
                else loose on the streets now --

    CLOSE ON

    The final still.  A blurry, horrific shot of Nomak's half
    turned face and back.  We get a sense of distorted, inhuman
    physiognomy.

                        NYSSA (CONT'D)
                Something worse than you.

                                                            CUT TO:


    EXT. BLADE AND SCUD'S WAREHOUSE - ROOFTOP - NIGHT

    Blade, Whistler, and Scud stand near the ledge, while Asad
    stands a few yards off, talking on a phone.  Nyssa stands
    even further away, watching them with distrust.

                        SCUD
                This whole deal's giving me a serious
                case of the butt-willies.

                        WHISTLER
                Look, kid, they obviously found your
                base of operations.  If it was a trap,
                why flip their dicks by announcing
                themselves?

                        BLADE
                I agree.  We play along for now, we
                might wind up learning something about
                how their world ticks.

                        WHISTLER
                    (grinning at Scud)
                Either that or feeding the worms.

    Asad finishes his call and approaches them.

                        ASAD
                They're ready to see you now.

    As if on cue, we hear the THRUM of helicopters.  Seconds
    later, two Bell Jet Rangers appear above them, illuminating
    them in their searchlight.

                                                            CUT TO:

    EXT. SKY - NIGHT

    We track the helicopters across the night sky.  We SEE
    Whistler and Asad in one, Blade, Scud and Nyssa in another.

    INT. JET RANGER - NIGHT

    Blade and Nyssa sit in the rear of the first helicopter.
    Nyssa is studying Blade.

                        BLADE
                What?

                        NYSSA
                They tell bedtime stories about you.
                Blade the big, bad boogie-man.  Frankly,
                I'm disappointed.
                    (Blade raises an eyebrow)
                That you were willing to come along so
                easily, I mean.  Without any assurances.

    Blade smiles and opens his coat, gesturing to a bandolier of
    plastic explosives secured to his chest.

                        BLADE
                Semtex explosive.  Enough to level a
                city block.  How's that for assurance?

    The helicopter abruptly banks right, dropping down low.

    EXT. HELICOPTER - NIGHT

    The Bell Jet Rangers touch down outside a terraced, Frank
    Lloyd Wright structure overlooking the ocean.  As Nyssa and
    Asad lead Blade, Whistler and Scud towards the facility we
    SEE a circular crimson logo encircling a double-helix.

    Scud notices a series of RED LIGHT DOTS on his arms and
    chest.  He looks up to see DOZENS OF VAMPIRE MARKSMEN on the
    roofs above, training their weapons on them.

    INT. ELEVATOR CAB - NIGHT

    The group rides down.  The elevator stops.  The doors open.

    INT. DAMASKINO'S STRONGHOLD - 4-WAY INTERSECTION - NIGHT

    Nyssa and Asad lead them into a hub out of which multiple
    corridors project.  They take the central corridor.

    INT. STEEL CORRIDOR - NIGHT

    The corridor ends at a pair of steel security doors.  Nyssa
    stands before a biometric scanner, allowing a beam of light
    to play over her face.  The scanner acknowledges her identity
    and the doors HISS open, revealing a series of security doors
    beyond these which successively open into --

    A FINAL DOOR

    Oak, set into a stainless steel wall.  Incalculably ancient,
    elaborately carved.  Brought over from the "Old World."

                        NYSSA
                The House of Erebus you encountered
                before were nothing but feudal lords.
                The true power of the Vampire Nation
                lies here --

    As they move towards the final door, Whistler shivers.  Scud
    watches as his breath escapes from his mouth in a frosty
    plume.  Asad takes notice.

                        ASAD
                Few warmbloods have seen what's beyond
                this door.

    He pushes the doors open into --

    INT. DAMASKINO'S LAIR - NIGHT

    A crescent-shaped room filled with antiquities: quarry
    columns from Middle Kingdom Egypt, stacks of arcane volumes,
    Medieval frontispieces.  A Borgia-esque Renaissance portrait
    staring down at us with a severe gaze.  Towering over all of
    these is a massive Greek Cross carved from stone.  MUSIC
    echoes around them -- Boito's Faust.  Standing in the midst
    of this is OVERLORD ELI DAMASKINOS, wearing a robe of black
    silk.

                        NYSSA
                Father --

    Damaskinos holds up his hand.  He waits for the music to
    crescendo, then turns, his face still hidden in shadow.

                        DAMASKINOS
                I hope you don't mind the cold.  When
                one such as myself reaches an advanced
                age, certain precautions are needed in
                order to preserve the flesh.

                        ASAD
                Blade, this is Overlord Eli Damaskinos.

                        DAMASKINOS
                    (in vampire dialect; subtitled)
                Welcome, Daywalker.  I thank you for
                coming.  I've been anxious to meet you
                for quite some time.

    Damaskinos draws closer now, stepping into the light.  Bright
    eyed with smile like moonlight gleaming off a knife blade.
    His skin is impossibly pale, almost marble-like, with
    traceries of blue blood pulsing underneath.

                        DAMASKINOS (CONT'D)
                And the late Abraham Whistler.  I trust
                your time amongst our numbers was
                agreeable?

    Whistler glares at Damaskinos.  The two men stare at each
    other a moment, sizing one another up.

                        DAMASKINOS (CONT'D)
                    (smiling knowingly)
                It has been said, you may have enemies
                whom you hate, but not enemies whom you
                despise.  Be proud of your enemy: then
                his success shall be yours, too.  In
                that regard, I should thank you.

                        BLADE
                For what?

                        STEVENS (O.S.)
                Eliminating Deacon Frost.

    CARTER STEVENS, an officious-looking familiar who has been
    quietly watching from the wings now steps forward.

                        STEVENS (CONT'D)
                All that unseemly business with LaMagra.
                You did us a favor.
                    (offering his hand to Blade)
                Carter Stevens.

    As Blade and Stevens shake, Blade notices a vampire glyph
    poking out from beneath the familiar's shirt cuff.

                        BLADE
                You're human.

                        STEVENS
                    (with a smile)
                Barely.  I'm a lawyer.

                        ASAD
                Mr. Stevens works with the National
                Institute of Health.
                    (off Blade's look)
                Given that they monitor the nation's
                blood supply, a strategic alliance
                seemed prudent.

                        STEVENS
                We also finance a number of humanitarian
                organizations -- the National Institute
                of Infectious Diseases for one, the
                Human Genome Project...

                        BLADE
                Why?

                        NYSSA
                Survival.

    Blade and the others turn to Nyssa, who uses a complex
    mechanical key to activate a holo-projector mounted above the
    table.  As she focuses the image, a 3-D DIORAMA of vampire
    viral nucleocapsids swirls into view.  The nucelocapsids
    begin attacking human red blood cells.

                        NYSSA (CONT'D)
                As you may know, Vampirism is an
                arbovirus, one that's spread through the
                saliva of parasitic organisms --
                    (motioning to the hologram)
                In this case, vampires are the vector.
                The virus replicates within the human
                bloodstream, evolving its host into an
                entirely new life-form.
                    (beat)
                Unfortunately, viruses evolve too --

    As Nyssa talks, one of the viral nucleocapsids changes,
    mutating from its original, elegant design into a harsher,
    more menacing form.
    The mutated nucleocapsid begins feeding on the original
    vampire capsids, causing a chain-reaction of mutation.  In
    seconds, the holo-image is filled with throbbing, microscopic
    horrors which then mutate into  --

                        NYSSA (CONT'D)
                We've dubbed this new virus the Reaper
                Strain.  And like any good pathogen, it
                appears to have found a carrier -- a
                "Patient Zero".

    A rotating 3-D image of Jared Nomak's face.  Eyes red, his
    skin in full "blood mode" blush.

                        NYSSA (CONT'D)
                His name is Jared Nomak.

                        DAMASKINOS
                Thiavolos, as we used to say in Greece.
                The Devil.  Pure Thirst.  Nothing more.
                He was born a vampire, but he is an
                anomaly.
                    (to Blade)
                Like you.  Unlike the rest of us,
                however, he feeds on not just humans,
                but vampires as well.

                        BLADE
                Seems like he's doing me a favor, then.

                        NYSSA
                You're missing the point.  Their vampire
                victims don't die.  They turn.  They
                become carriers.  If the Reapers
                continue unchecked, there could be
                thousands of them before the month is
                over.  Do the math.

    Blade turns to Damaskinos.

                        BLADE
                    (vampire dialect; subtitled)
                You want me to hunt them for you.

                        DAMASKINOS
                    (vampire dialect; subtitled)
                Not alone.

                        ASAD
                We've been training a small tactical
                unit -- the Bloodpack.  We want you to
                lead them.

                        WHISTLER
                Just how long has this little social
                club of yours been together?

                        NYSSA
                Two years.

                        BLADE
                Then they weren't created to go after
                your "patient zero".

                        NYSSA
                No.  They've been training to hunt you.

                                                            CUT TO:

    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - DAWN

    Blade, Whistler and Scud enter through the loading elevator.
    Blade turns to Whistler.

                        BLADE
                What do you think?

                        WHISTLER
                Sounds like a plan.

                        BLADE
                What do you really think?

                        WHISTLER
                    (lighting a cigarette)
                These guys are shitting bricks cause
                they're no longer on the top of the food
                chain.  They're going to fuck us the
                first chance they get.

    Whistler moves away.  Blade shrugs off his jacket, begins
    putting away his weapons.  Scud lingers, apprehensive.

                        SCUD
                So you're going to do this?

                        BLADE
                Keep your friends close and your enemies
                closer.  Isn't that how the saying goes?

    Scud follows Blade's gaze, watching Whistler, who has
    collapsed into a chair at the far end of the workshop.  The
    grizzled hunter pulls off his leg brace, then massages his
    bum knee.  Scud nods in Whistler's direction.

                        SCUD
                I'm worried about him.
                    (off Blade's look)
                Look, I know he's your friend, but just
                watch him, okay?  Nobody goes cold
                Turkey from the Thirst in a night.

    BACK ON WHISTLER

    Surrounded by the salvaged parts and massive gears of long
    discarded machinery, half-hidden in shadow.  A shaft of
    morning sunlight cuts in through one of the windows, slowly
    moving across the floor towards his position.  He shifts in
    his chair, moving slightly --

    Away from the light.

                                                            CUT TO:

    EXT. GAS STATION - NIGHT

    It's late.  An ice-encased streetlight HUMS and flickers.
    The pumps are vacant.  A heavy blanket of sooty snow covers
    the grounds of the station.  The fluorescents of the mini
    mart are the only beacon of light in an otherwise fog-bound
    night.

    INT. MINI-MART - NIGHT

    A KOREAN WOMAN (30s) mans the counter.  Her TODDLER sits in a
    circular safety walker nearby.  The kind that rolls and is
    affixed with toys to keep a baby occupied.  The woman glances
    at two surveillance monitors.  On the first monitor we see --

    A CAR

    pull up to the pumps outside.  A MAN gets out, slides his
    credit card through the reader, starts pumping gas.

    ON THE SECOND MONITOR

    We SEE a FIGURE standing at the back by the Slurpee machine.
    The figure turns, approaching.  It's Nomak.  He sets a
    package of gum on the counter, looks to the baby.  He smiles,
    wriggles his finger.  The child COOS and smiles back.

    Unnerved by Nomak, the Korean woman quickly rings the
    transaction, gives him his change.  He removes a stick of gum
    from the pack, carefully unwraps it, slides it into his
    mouth, watching the child all the while.  Finally, he nods to
    the woman and leaves.  The door CHIMES as he exits.

    Beat.  The woman looks to the surveillance monitors again.

    THE FIRST MONITOR

    The car is still there, but the man pumping gas is gone.

    Puzzled, the woman steps from behind the counter and moves to
    the glass doors, looking out --

    HER POV

    The car's driver side door hangs open.  Even more disturbing,
    the hose for the gas pump lies untended on the icy ground,
    spilling fuel from its nozzle.

    EXT. GAS STATION - NIGHT

    The Korean woman cautiously exits the mini-mart.  No one is
    in sight.  She hurries to the abandoned car, disengaging the
    lock on the pump handle, then setting it back in its cradle.
    She looks to the open driver's door.  A FEW DROPLETS OF BLOOD
    have stained the snow just outside it.  Then she sees --

    A GHOSTLY FIGURE

    Standing off in the fog-bound shadows.  The woman looks back
    to the mini-mart, then back again to where the figure was
    standing.  But the figure is gone!  Growing increasingly
    anxious, the woman hurries back.

    INT. GAS STATION - NIGHT

    The woman shuts the door, locks it.  But she's still just a
    target standing inside a well-lit glass box.  She moves to
    the safety walker, scoops up her child.

    After another moment's indecision, she slides the accordion
    style gate down over the doors and windows.  Then she turns
    off the lights.  Feeling somewhat more secure, the woman
    moves back around the counter and SEES --

    An unwrapped stick of gum resting on the tray of the baby
    walker.  It wasn't there before.  With a rising sense of
    dread, the woman backs away, bumping right into --

    NOMAK

    He smiles cruelly, the scar/seam in his chin just beginning
    to part.  The woman gasps, turns to run --

    and bumps into THREE MORE REAPERS.  Gaunt and feral-looking.
    All three with shaved heads.
    No eyebrows, and hairline scar/seams running down their
    chins.  As one, the reapers descend on her.  We hear the
    child's TERRIFIED WAIL and we --

                                                            CUT TO:

    EXT. THE CITY - NIGHT

    A sulfur-colored moon shines its baleful light down upon the
    icy cityscape as NOMAK'S ROAR echoes through the canyon of
    buildings.

    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - BLADE'S SLEEPING AREA - NIGHT

    Blade is just finishing injecting himself with serum.  He
    sighs, falling back into the chair he's sitting in, waiting
    for the shakes to subside.  He unwraps a piece of rubbing
    tubing which he'd been using as a tourniquet, flexes his
    hand.

    The door to his room opens.  Scud stands there in silhouette.

                        SCUD
                Um, we've got company.

    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT

    Blade emerges into the workshop proper with Whistler and
    Scud.

    NYSSA AND BLOODPACK

    Stand before us.  They represent an assortment of ages and
    races, their one unifying characteristic being a callous,
    almost fanatical disregard for human life.  In short, these
    guys are the most stone-cold motherfuckers we've ever seen.

                        WHISTLER
                Well if it isn't Snow White and the
                Seven Suckheads.

    Their leader, DIETER REINHARDT (30s), is a square-jawed,
    chiseled Austrian.  Next to Reinhardt is SNOWMAN, a wire
    albino, LIGHTHAMMER, a massive Blackfoot Indian, and PRIEST,
    a bald-headed modern primitive with copious piercings and
    facial tattoos.  Rounding out the bunch is CHUPA, a blunt
    featured Puerto Rican, and VERLAINE, a familiar-looking
    curvaceous beauty with bee-stung lips that exudes a predatory
    sexuality.

    (NOTE: Verlaine looks familiar because she is the twin sister
    of Raquel, the bodacious vamp played by Traci Lords that
    Blade killed in the opening scene of the first film.)

                        REINHARDT
                Check it out, troops.  Count Chocula.

    The vampires LAUGH.  Asad quiets them with a look, then
    gestures to them in turn.

                        ASAD
                Blade, this is Reinhardt.  That's
                Snowman, Lighthammer, Priest, Chupa and
                Verlaine.

    Reinhardt advances until he and Blade are nose to nose.

                        REINHARDT
                Tell me something, Chief.  Can you
                blush?

    A tense beat.  Then Blade flashes a broad smile.

                        BLADE
                Alright, you want to play this game?

    Blade pulls out one of his silver stakes.  In response, the
    vampires reach for their weapons.  But Blade merely twirls it
    around his fingers.  Then tosses it to Reinhardt.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                You've been training two years to take
                me out.  Here I am, the big, bad vampire
                hunter.  So do it.

                        NYSSA
                What the hell are you doing, Blade?

                        BLADE
                We're going to be working as a unit, you
                people will be taking orders from me.
                    (spreading his hands wide)
                So let's get it over with.  I'll give
                you a free shot, Reinhardt.

    Reinhardt looks to Nyssa, uncomfortable.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                Why are you looking at her for?  You
                need permission?   I'm giving it to you.

                        CHUPA
                Take him, cabron!

    Blade grabs Reinhardt's wrist, pulling the stake against his
    chest, fixing the vampire with the deadliest of poker gazes.

                        BLADE
                What's wrong, Reinhardt?  You need a
                fucking manual?

                        VERLAINE
                Do it, Reinhardt.  Do it!!!

    Reinhardt tenses, thrusting the stake forward -- but Blade
    has already whirled out of the way, trapping his hand, then
    violently twisting it backwards.

    Before Reinhardt even knows what's happening, Blade swings
    him around into a headlock.  In his free hand he's got a
    tiny, barbed flechette.  The barbs spring open like a tick's
    gripping mandibles as Blade drives the flechette into the
    base of Reinhardt's skull.  Reinhardt HOWLS in pain, but
    Blade just tightens his grip, choking off Reinhardt's air.

                        BLADE
                Listen up, Adolph, I just popped an
                explosive charge in the back of your
                head.  Silver nitrate.  Rigged to blow
                if anyone tampers with it.  I'll be
                keeping the detonator on me at all
                times.  You so much as look at me
                crosswise and I swear you'll be macking
                your girlfriend's pie with a fucking
                neck stump!  Got it?!

    Reinhardt lets loose a choked GRUNT.  Blade releases him,
    dropping the GASPING AUSTRIAN to the floor.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                Any questions?

    No one says a word.

                                                            CUT TO:

    WHISTLER

    Hefting a heavy ordnance case on the table.  Blade and
    company sit on one side, the Bloodpack on the other.

                        WHISTLER
                    (opening a case of bullets)
                Glaser safety rounds in .38, .45, and
                9mm caliber.  Foil capsules at the tip
                filled with silver nitrate grains.  They
                pack a major kinetic energy dump.  And
                since you suckheads don't like sunlight,
                we've modified the entry lights with UV
                filters --

    Whistler flicks on the entry light.  Then notices that Chupa
    isn't paying attention.  The vampire is looking at Snowman
    who is saying something in sign-language.  Chupa snickers.
    Whistler picks up a massive gun with a modified C-mag
    (hundred round cylindrical mag).  It has a strange electromag
    assembly barrel with shockwave ports running along it.

                        WHISTLER (CONT'D)
                This puppy here?  Hyper-velocity
                railgun.  Spits up silver-tipped iron
                core needles at six thousand butt
                humping feet per second.  Like this --

    Whistler FIRES -- BA-BANG!  A SONIC BOOM rocks the workshop,
    SHATTERING a number of windows and computer monitor screens
    as a wad of needle rushes just millimeters past Chupa's face,
    embedding in the wall behind him.

                        CHUPA
                Hey, hey!  The fuck you doing?!

                        WHISTLER
                Getting your attention, Paco.

                        CHUPA
                Well you've got it, warmblood.  Now what
                the fuck are you gonna do with it?

    Blade clears his throat and stands.

                        BLADE
                If you girls are finished flirting, I'd
                like to get started.

    MOMENTS LATER

    Blade, Whistler, and the Bloodpack are silently suiting up
    for war -- strapping on body armor, securing stakes and
    knives, CLICKING ammo cartridges into their various weapons.

    We SEE them lacing up combat boots, checking rifle sights,
    entry lights.  Blade dons one of his EDTA pneumatic
    gauntlets.  Whistler loads custom rounds into a shotgun.
    Then he reaches to clip on an ammo vest.  But his hands are
    shaking slightly and he can't seem to clip the locking
    mechanism together.  After a beat, Blade reaches over and
    does it for Whistler.  Like a son helping his father.  A beat
    passes between them, Whistler and Blade looking at one
    another.  Then Whistler nods, satisfied.

    As Blade crosses towards Asad and Nyssa, he stops by
    Verlaine, sizing her up.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                Didn't I kill you already?

                        VERLAINE
                    (cold)
                That was my sister.

    Beat.  Blade smiles coldly.

                        BLADE
                This the part where you beat your chest
                and vow revenge?

                        VERLAINE
                Something like that.

                        BLADE
                Save it for the director's cut.

    Blade moves on, stopping before Nyssa.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                Where to first?

                        NYSSA
                The House of Pain.

                                                            CUT TO:

    EXT. ROOFTOP - NIGHT

    Blade, Whistler, and the Bloodpack are gathered on a rooftop
    overlooking a derelict city block.

    THE HOUSE OF PAIN

    Rises before them, a Gothic Revival hotel marred by graffiti
    scrawls and boarded up windows.  There's a large neon "HOTEL"
    sign on the side of the building.

                        NYSSA
                From what we can gather, the Reapers
                hunt in packs, targeting places where
                vampires congregate.  So far, they've
                attacked bloodbanks, safehouses,
                underground clubs like this --

                        WHISTLER
                I don't see any traffic, no vampire
                glyphs --

    Whistler lifts up a pair of night-vision binoculars and scans
    the building.

    WHISTLER'S POV (THROUGH BINOCULARS)

    He scans the graffiti scrawls, doesn't see anything.

                        NYSSA
                Look closer.  Because of your efforts,
                we've had to re-think our habits,
                tighten our security.

    WHISTLER'S POV (THROUGH BINOCULARS)

    Whistler switches to infra-red.  A previously unseen Vampire
    GLYPH is now revealed, hidden amongst the haphazard graffiti.
    Just beneath the glyph are a pair of loading doors set flush
    into the concrete sidewalk.

                        WHISTLER
                    (lowering binocs; to Blade)
                Let's put this clusterfuck in gear.

    Reinhardt reaches for Whistler, stopping him.

                        REINHARDT
                You're not going anywhere, greenjeans.
                You won't be able to pass for us.

                        WHISTLER
                Like I give a shit.

    Before things can escalate, Blade steps between them.

                        BLADE
                    (to Whistler; sotto)
                He's right.  They'll smell that you're
                human.  Stay here, watch our backs.

                        WHISTLER
                    (bristling)
                I don't like it.

                        BLADE
                I'm not giving you a choice, old man.

    Whistler considers Blade's words, then reluctantly nods.
    Blade rejoins the vampires.  Reinhardt grins.

                        REINHARDT
                You don't keep that dog of yours curbed,
                Blade.  We might have to do it for you.

    Blade pulls out the remote for the flechette in Reinhardt's
    head, holding it up for view.

                        BLADE
                Keep pushing, asshole.

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - UNDERGROUND ENTRANCE - NIGHT

    Nyssa leads the group into a loading area.  The only light is
    coming from a series of burning trashcans.  VAMPIRE SENTRIES
    crouch on the steps, watching, smelling Nyssa's group as they
    move past.  Adjacent areas are walled off with sheets of
    vinyl.  We hear the pulsing, bass-heavy beat of MUSIC coming
    from beyond the sheeting, beckoning us onward.

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - UNDERGROUND HALLWAY - NIGHT

    The MUSIC is louder.  Neon-lit, corridor-long steel counters
    line both walls, displaying various surgical instruments
    offered as party favors.  As Blade's scans the area, we SEE
    the deadly instruments reflected in his sunglasses.  Nyssa
    looks to him.

                        NYSSA
                This is our world you're entering.  You
                may see things -- feeding.
                    (off Blade's inscrutable face)
                Just remember why you're here.

                        BLADE
                    (cryptic)
                I haven't forgotten.

    They reach a steel loading door emblazoned with warning signs
    -- the kind that is split horizontally, one-half retracting
    into the ceiling, the other into the floor.

                        PRIEST
                So what are we looking for, exactly?

                        ASAD
                Anyone who looks suspicious.

    On that portentous note, Nyssa hits a button.  The hydraulic
    doors open on into --

                        BLADE
                You gotta be kidding me.

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - BALLROOM - NIGHT

    A high-ceilinged ballroom packed with SWAYING BODIES.
    Retrofitted into a trance-dance hall.  Off to the sides,
    people are being pierced, tattooed, ritually scarred.  Silver
    trays piled high with razor blades are passed through the
    writhing crowd.  Everyone looks suspicious.

    AN ELABORATE S&M STAGE SHOW

    is under way.  Joel Peter Witkin channeled by Julie Taymor.
    A SHE-VAMPIRE hangs from the ceiling, her body supported by
    steel pins which have been hooked through her flesh.  THREE
    PVC-clad spindly FIGURES minister to her.

    TWO VAMPIRES

    French kiss, exchanging razor blades with their tongues.

                        BLADE
                    (to Nyssa)
                What is it with you people and pain?

                        NYSSA
                We need it.  Sensations are addictive
                and pain cuts the deepest.
                    (off his look)
                Tattoos, piercings, tribal scarring --
                because we regenerate, none of it's
                permanent.  So we have to take it to the
                next level. To remind us we're alive.

    The Bloodpack fans out through the trancing crowd.

    ON BLADE

    Drifting through the press of flesh.  Feral faces flash by
    us, distorted by the stroboscopic lights.  A SHE-VAMPIRE
    latches onto him.  He shoves her aside, keeps scanning faces.
    It takes every ounce of his restraint not to cut loose.

                        BLADE
                You reading me, Scud?

    EXT. STREET - NIGHT

    A nondescript van with primer blotches is parked nearby.

                        SCUD (O.S.)
                Loud and clear, B.

    INT. OPERATIONS VAN - NIGHT

    The interior of the van has been outfitted into a mobile "op
    center".  Scud sits in a cluttered nest of electronic
    ephermera, munching on a bag of White Castle hamburgers.
    He's watching a video feed from a camera mounted on Blade's
    gear, listening to the Bloodpack's CHATTER coming in from
    various audio channels.  In the background, he's also got
    Barry White's "Love Machine" playing.

                        SCUD
                Everything's copacetic in the Mystery
                Van.  How you doing, Whistler?

    EXT. ROOFTOP - NIGHT

    Whistler is atop the roof of a nearby building, outfitted
    with a sniper rifle on a tripod.

                        WHISTLER
                Walking on sunshine, toke-boy.

    WHISTLER'S POV (NIGHT VISION BINOCULARS)

    The view pans from the hotel entrance to Scud's van.

    Whistler puts down the binoculars, lights a cigarette.  He
    takes out a knife and slices open his palm.  He stares at the
    blood, his hand slowly trembling.

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - BALLROOM - NIGHT

    Blade works his way through the crowd.  The beat is getting
    heavier now, the crowd more energized.  He briefly makes eye
    contact with Nyssa, but then she's gone again, disappearing
    into the sea of flesh, ducking past one of the vinyl sheets
    into a corridor beyond.  Chupa, Asad, Snowman and Priest
    remain behind, searching the crowd.

    As Blade walks, he notices a series of grates beneath their
    feet.  We shift our POV --

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - DRAINAGE AREA - NIGHT

    -- and we are below Blade, looking up at him through the
    grate.  We are in a blood-encrusted drainage area just
    beneath the ballroom that slopes inward towards a large,
    octagonal iron culvert.  As we watch, a section of the
    culvert rises, a pair of RED EYES peering out from the
    darkness within.

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - STAIRCASE - NIGHT

    Blade follows Nyssa up a narrow staircase into a corridor
    lined with gangrenous, peeling wallpaper.  Some of the room
    doors are shut, some open.  Clearly, many are occupied.

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - KITCHEN - NIGHT

    A 1930s industrial kitchen filled with corroded equipment.
    Reinhardt, Verlaine, and Lighthammer work their way inward,
    searching the area.  Lighthammer carries massive war hammer
    like his namesake.
    Reinhardt nods to Verlaine, who opens a walk-in, shining her
    entry light over an assortment of rusting meat hooks.

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - FIRST CORRIDOR - NIGHT

    Blade checks more doorways, catching half-glimpses of FLESH,
    LEATHER, and STEEL.  He hears SOBBING, MOANS, WHISPERS.
    Then, a distinctly HUMAN WHIMPER catches his attention.

    Nyssa opens a door onto an empty room.  A vacant stainless
    steel examination table gleams in the center, waiting.

    Blade pushes open another door.  We SEE a fearful YOUNG WOMAN
    crouching in the corner of a soiled room.  A corpulent
    VAMPIRE in a leather apron is hosing down the floor.

                        CORPULENT VAMPIRE
                Close the fucking door, buddy.

    Blade makes eye-contact with the woman.  She's clearly human.
    Blade tenses.  The corpulent vampire is getting irate when --

                        CORPULENT VAMPIRE (CONT'D)
                I said, close the f--

    THUNK!  Blade throws a sliver stake into the vampire's
    forehead.  Even as the vampire turns to ash, Blade motions
    for the girl to leave and we're out the hallway again, Nyssa
    turning around.

                        NYSSA
                What was that?

                        BLADE
                    (poker-faced)
                Nothing.

    We SEE the woman duck out the room behind him.

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - KITCHEN - NIGHT

    Reinhardt, Verlaine, and Lighthammer.  A Styrofoam cup rolls
    across the floor, blown by a breeze.  Reinhardt pauses,
    notices another walk-in freezer door ajar, moves in that
    direction.

    Unseen behind them, a door BEHIND THEM slowly swings open.

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - BALLROOM - NIGHT

    Chupa, Asad, Snowman and Priest.  THREE SHADOWED FIGURES are
    lurking near one of the exits -- skinhead types, each with a
    hairline scar running down their chin.
    Asad silently motions to snowman and the others, indicating
    figures.  Snowman signs something back.  The vampire trio
    starts towards them.

    INT. OPERATIONS VAN - NIGHT

    Bored to shit, Scud plucks a joint from behind his ear.  As
    he fires up his woman torso lighter we HEAR SOMETHING just
    outside the van.  Scud kills the Barry White, listening.
    Silence.  Then, a FAINT SKITTERING.

                        SCUD
                Um, Whistler, you out there?

    No response.

                        SCUD (CONT'D)
                    (more urgently)
                Whistler?

    Still no response.  Scud reaches for a handgun and creeps
    into the front of the van.  He looks out the windshield --
    nothing.  He looks left, then right - nothing.

    Unnerved, Scud returns to the back of the van.  He reaches
    for the handle of the rear door and abruptly jerks the door
    open, aiming the gun out --

    There's nothing outside the van.  But then Scud hears the
    SKITTERING AGAIN.  His eyes shift apprehensively to the floor
    of the van below him.

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - FIRST CORRIDOR - NIGHT

    As they near the end of the hall, Blade notices a drop-down
    attic door in the ceiling above.  He unsheathes his sword and
    uses the tip to unlatch the trapdoor.  The counter-weighted
    door CREAKS and LOWERS, unfolding a sectioned ladder.  We see
    darkness beyond.  As Blade cautiously mounts the stairs --

    Nyssa's attention is drawn to a billowing piece of vinyl.  A
    BLURRY FIGURE is visible behind it.  Then it moves away.
    Nyssa ducks past the vinyl.

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - BALLROOM - NIGHT

    As the music reaches a crescendo, Asad notices MORE SHADOWY
    FIGURES by another exit.  And even MORE by a third.  Snowman
    signs to Asad again, more urgently this time, as the first
    potential Reaper begins to turn and we are --

    INT. OPERATIONS VAN - NIGHT

    -- back with Scud.  He ducks his head outside, looking
    beneath the van.  Nothing there.  Relieved, Scud shuts the
    rear door, laughs to himself.

    A PAIR OF CLAWED HANDS

    Suddenly rip down through the ceiling of the van, peeling it
    up and back like it was tinfoil!  A REAPER with a bloody
    bandage covering his eye SNARLS down at us.

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - BALLROOM - NIGHT

    The first skinhead figure spins towards us.  It's a Reaper.
    All three of them are, eyes wide with bloodlust as they leap
    at Asad and the others.

    Suddenly, the Reapers are everywhere, blocking the exits,
    ripping into their vampire victims, tossing them aside like
    toys.  Vampires scream and run, some taking to the walls as a
    means of escape, some racing across the ceiling.

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - FIRST CORRIDOR - NIGHT

    Blade stops half-way up the ladder as he hears GUNFIRE.  He
    drops back to the floor, then notices that Nyssa is gone.  HE
    pushes through the vinyl curtain and finds -- Nyssa forced
    back against the wall, wrestling with --

                        SCUD (O.S.)
                    (filtered; panicked)
                They're here!!!!

    -- Nomak, who swings his head around towards Blade!  Blade
    FIRES his MACH pistol point-blank into Nomak's face, blasting
    the Reaper backwards --

    But Nomak is back on his feet in a split-second, SMASHING
    through a window onto the fire escape beyond.  Blade rushes
    to the window, looks out --

    BLADE'S POV

    Nomak is scaling his way straight up the neon hotel sign,
    jumping from one letter to the next with lightning speed.

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - KITCHEN - NIGHT

    A Reaper EXPLODES out from the walk-in, rather than the door
    behind them.  He leaps atop Reinhardt, SLAMMING him to the
    floor.  Lighthammer swings his hammer, missing the Reaper,
    taking out a chunk of the wall instead.
    Lighthammer swings and misses again, taking a chunk out of
    the floor.  Verlaine empties her automatic rifle into the
    Reaper even as --

    The Reaper turns on Lighthammer, catching the war hammer,
    Reaper's lower jaw disengages and splits open, revealing a
    freakishly enlarged esophagus lined with serrated, sharklike
    teeth.

    All of this takes a split-second.  No time for Lighthammer to
    react as the Reaper latches its grossly expanded mouth onto
    his throat and begins draining him before our eyes.  The
    Reaper SHUDDERS and the whites of his eyes bleed red as an
    ecstatic wave washes over him.  His pale flesh, pulsing with
    engorged veinwork, becomes flushed, turning crimson as --

                        LIGHTHAMMER
                Ohmygodhe'sfuckingkillingmehe's --

    Lighthammer's face becomes increasingly pallid!  His face
    begins caving inward, shrinking as every millimeter of blood
    is vacuumed out of him.

    BLOOD VESSELS

    Are popping up beneath the Reaper's briefly translucent skin,
    becoming engorged and dilated.  The veins continue to swell,
    racing up his neck, then branching out over his face, chest,
    and arms -- like an instant network of varicose veins.

    Verlaine retreats, horrified.  Reinhardt scurries backwards,
    then scrambles to his feet, running for his life into --

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - BALLROOM - NIGHT

    Chaos.  Vampire patrons flee.  The Bloodpack FIRE, unleashing
    a hailstorm of bullets, cutting into vampires and Reapers
    alike as --

    EXT. FIRE ESCAPE - NIGHT

    Blade steps out onto the icy fire escape.  CRASH!  Nomak has
    dislodged the "H" from the hotel sign.  It comes HURTLING
    towards Blade, who ducks back into the center of the "O" to
    avoid being hit.  The "H" continues falling, SMASHING down
    into the street near the Mystery Van where --

    INT/EXT. OPERATIONS VAN - NIGHT

    Scud unloads his handgun into the Reaper atop the van.  The
    Reaper should turn to ash, but it doesn't!  Scud flees,
    DIVING into the front of the van, ducking behind the wheel.
    He keys the ignition --

    WHAM!  Now the Reaper is atop the hood, SMASHING his feet
    through the windshield.  Scud SCREAMS as he slams the van
    into the drive and floors the pedal --

    WK-KRUNCH!  Scud CRASHES the van against the side of a
    building, pinning the Reaper between the van's front bumper
    and the crumbling wall.  He keeps his foot on the gas pedal,
    GRINDING the van's wheels.

    This gambit should cut the Reaper in half, or at the very
    least, fatally wound it -- but it only enrages it further.
    The Reaper stretches forward across the van's crumpled hood
    and resumes BATTERING away at the cracked windshield --

                        SCUD
                UV headlights, c'mon, come on!!!

    Scud fumbles for the headlights.  They won't go on!  Then he
    notices a mess of wiring haphazardly duct-taped together.  He
    reaches for the wiring, fiddling with it --

                        SCUD (CONT'D)
                FuckmefuckmefuckmeFUCKME!!!!

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - BALLROOM - NIGHT

    The Reaper nearest Priest turns in his direction.  We
    recognize her as the Nurse from the bloodbank.  She LEAPS at
    Priest --

    Priest fires a Glaser round through the she-Reaper's head.
    The Reaper twists in mid-leap, falls to the floor, then picks
    herself up again.  Like Scud's Reaper, she seems unaffected
    by the custom-made ammo.

    ON THE OTHER MEMBERS OF THE BLOODPACK

    Having similarly disastrous results.  The Reapers are
    shrugging off their firepower.  Asad leaps, snapping a
    Reaper's neck with a spinning heel kick, but the Reaper keeps
    coming!

    BACK TO THE PRIEST

    Alarmed, reaching for a specialized shotgun instead.  The
    Reaper continues forward, moving so fast she almost seems a
    blur as BA-BOOM! BA-BOOM!  Priest pumps his shotgun
    repeatedly.  Two projectiles fire out, chained together by a
    length of titanium cable.  The cable catches the Reaper in
    the mid-section, cutting it clean in half!

    The upper half of the Reaper falls, then rights itself,
    landing on its clawed hands.
    Impossibly, the she-Reaper keeps coming!  She skitters
    towards Priest on his hands like the half-man from Todd
    Browning's "FREAKS".

    The half-Reaper launches itself at Priest, hitting him in the
    chest, knocking him back to the floor.  Priest panics as he
    struggles with the thing, trying to fend off its claws and
    fangs as it locks its mouth into his arm.  He SCREAMS.

                                                            CUT TO:

    EXT. VAN - NIGHT

    As Scud continues to fiddle with the faulty headlight wiring,
    the windshield finally SHATTERS beneath the Reaper's pounding
    fists.  It latches onto Scud's collar and pulls him forward
    over the wheel even as the seam/scar in its chin splits apart
    and the Reaper's enlarged maw flowers open.  Scud is just
    centimeters away from having his face being bitten off when --

    -- the wires SPARK and the headlights come on, illuminating
    the Reaper in a wash of UV light!  The effect is
    instantaneous.  The Reaper HOWLS and lets go, then promptly
    BURSTS INTO FLAMES.

    Scud cups his ear, shouting via the comm system.

                        SCUD
                Use your entry lights!  They can't stand
                the UV!!!

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - BASEMENT - NIGHT

    Asad hears Scud's message as he continues fending off a
    Reaper's attack.  Then he manages to get hold of his rifle.
    He FLICKS on the UV entry light, aiming it at the Reaper's
    face.  The Reaper's head catches fire.  Asad SHOUTS to the
    others --

                        ASAD
                Use your entry lights!

    One by one, the members of the Bloodpack CLICK ON the entry
    lights mounted atop their guns.  It's working -- the UV beams
    are the only thing that seems to be driving the Reapers back.

    EXT. HOUSE OF PAIN - ROOF - DAWN

    BOOM!  Blade kicks open the roof access door.  He hurries
    outside, followed by Nyssa, who hesitates when she SEES --

    THE SUN

    beginning to rise beyond the cityscape horizon.  Nomak is
    already at the opposite side of the building, moving fast.

                        BLADE
                    (into com-link)
                Whistler!  He's heading across the roof!
                Take him!

    Nyssa falls back into the shadows as Blade continues onward,
    unsheathing his sword.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                Whistler!!!

    EXT. ROOFTOP - NIGHT

    Whistler's sniper rifle and binoculars have been abandoned
    and --

    EXT. HOUSE OF PAIN - ROOFTOP - DAWN

    We're back with Blade as he chases Nomak across the roof.

    UP AHEAD

    Nomak abruptly stops, having reached the end of the roof.
    The nearest neighboring rooftop is too far away and the drop
    from this last ledge looks unsurvivable, even for someone
    like Nomak.

    As Blade cautiously advances, Nomak turns around and smiles --
    a wolfish grin, unnaturally wide.  The Reaper's face is
    beginning to smoke beneath the rising sun's rays.  In
    response, a polarized nictomembrane slides down over Nomak's
    irises -- like something you'd see on a crocodile to protect
    its eyes from harsh light.

                        NOMAK
                Is the enemy of my enemy my friend or my
                enemy?  What do you think, Blade?  What
                am I to you?

    Nomak LAUGHS, then LUNGES, scooping up a rusty iron bar that
    lies nearby.  He swings it at Blade.  Blade parries and steps
    backward, taking a blow to the head in the process, then
    another to the side.

    The two of them exchange a flurry of blows back and forth
    until their weapons lock and they are face to face.  Nomak's
    back is to the rising sun, now.  His whole body is beginning
    to lightly smoke.

    Both men are trembling, straining against their weapons,
    using every ounce of strength to keep the other at bay.  And
    just when it looks like Nomak is gaining the upper hand --

                        NOMAK (CONT'D)
                Athelfiki singenia ex amato.

    -- Blade pivots the flat edge of his sword upwards, catching
    the light of the rising sun, reflecting it directly into
    Nomak's eyes!

    Nomak SCREAMS and rears back, his face catching fire.  Then
    he stumbles backwards and falls -- right off the ledge of the
    roof!  Blade hurries to the roof's ledge and looks down --

    But the Reaper is nowhere in sight.  Dumbfounded, Blade
    retreats, haunted by the conviction that Nomak is still
    alive.

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - BALLROOM - DAWN

    Blade has returned to the scene of the melee.  The Reapers
    have fled, leaving Nyssa and the others to lick their wounds
    and survey the carnage.  Quite a few full-body ash outlines
    marking the passing of various vampires.  Blade approaches
    Nyssa.  She notices his wounds.

                        NYSSA
                You're hurt.

                        BLADE
                    (brushing off her concern)
                I'll heal.

                        NYSSA
                What about Nomak?

                        BLADE
                He escaped.  You didn't tell me they
                were immune to silver and garlic.

                        NYSSA
                I didn't know.

    Beat.  Tense.  Does he trust this woman?  No way.

                        BLADE
                We lose anybody?

                        NOMAK
                Lighthammer and --

    Just then, we hear an unearthly SCREAM.

    ANGLE ON

    Priest, being held down by Chupa and Snowman.  He's thrashing
    about, clutching his wounded, infected arm.

                        PRIEST
                Oh god, oh God it hurts!  It hurts, it
                hurts, fuck, it hurts.  Ugh!

    Priest lets loose an agonized SCREAM as Blade and the others
    gather around him.  He's undergoing a horrific change, taking
    on the gaunt, vein-engorged features of a proper Reaper.  He
    SNARLS and WAILS, GNASHING his teeth like a rabid animal.

    Reinhardt and his team look uneasy.  Shaken by their
    teammate's downward progression.

                        BLADE
                how long since he was bitten?

                        NYSSA
                Minutes.

    Blade draws closer.  Already, the flesh on Priest's chin is
    splitting as a seam begins to form.

                        BLADE
                It's already changing him --

    Reinhardt paces, annoyed by Priest's WAILING.

                        REINHARDT
                Jesus, can't you get him to shut the
                fuck up!?

                        NYSSA
                    (gravely)
                His blood cells aren't producing oxygen
                anymore.  His own body is suffocating
                him.  These things are like crack
                addicts.  If they don't feed every few
                hours, they'll feed on themselves.

    As if in response, Priest starts convulsing.  His flesh
    tightens, drawing taut around his increasingly skeletal form.
    His screams become unbearable, twisting into a high-pitched
    ululation that's making the Bloodpack's skin crawl.

                        REINHARDT
                Somebody put him out of his misery for
                fuck's sake!

                        VERLAINE
                You kill him!  I'm not killing him!

    Asad pulls out his handgun and empties the clip into Priest's
    body -- but Priest keeps SHRIEKING.

    Unnerved, Reinhardt unsheathes a machete, decapitating Priest
    even as the others protest.

    The headless body continues thrashing, still making noise
    from it's open throat!  If anything, it seems to be
    redoubling its efforts.  It LURCHES forward, jerking itself
    free from Chupa and Snowman's restraining arms.

                        CHUPA
                Mierda!!

    The juddering horror that used to be Priest staggers to its
    feet.  Reinhardt and his men panic, stumbling backwards.  The
    headless monstrosity LUNGES STRAIGHT AT --

    BLADE

    Without batting an eye, he draws his MACH pistol, briefly
    aiming at the on-rushing creature's chest, then adjusting his
    aim to one of the blacked-out windows above and behind it.

    BAM!BAM!BAM!  Blade shoots out the window and BLAZING SHAFT
    OF SUNLIGHT slices down through the darkness, spotlighting
    Priest like an ant beneath a magnifying glass.

    FWASH!!!  The headless body is incinerated in mid-step.  It
    collapses to the floor, just inches before Blade.  One of its
    blackened claws feebly grabs Blade's boot, then grows still.

    Beat.  You could hear the pin drop in the silence that
    follows, every one of the Bloodpack thinking some variation
    of "there but for the grace of God go I".  Asad lays a hand
    on Nyssa's shoulder, steadying her.

    Blade shifts his foot, causing the cinder-like hand gripping
    his boot to crumble to dust.

                        WHISTLER (O.S.)
                If this is the best you turd-stains have
                to offer, I'm not impressed.

    Blade looks over to see Whistler, who is just entering.  He
    moves over to him, angry.  Chupa follows, equally pissed.

                        BLADE
                I thought you were supposed to be
                watching our backs.

                        WHISTLER
                Ran into a little Reaper trouble myself.

                        CHUPA
                    (approaching, hostile)
                Oh yeah?  Like how little?  In case you
                hadn't noticed, we lost two men while
                you were out farting around.

                        WHISTLER
                    (poking Chupa in the chest)
                You need to ratchet those 'nads of yours
                down a few notches, paco.

    Chupa flushes with anger and flicks his knife across
    Whistler's shoulder, opening a gash.  Whistler goes ballistic
    and PUNCHES Chupa in the face.  A brief tussle ensues before
    Blade and the others can separate them.  As Chupa is pulled
    away by Asad, he looks back at Whistler.

                        CHUPA
                Listen, hillbilly, you are a cunt-hair
                away from cowboy heaven.

                        WHISTLER
                Ain't no thing but a chicken wing,
                buttercup.

                        BLADE
                    (still suspicious)
                Where were you, Whistler?

                        WHISTLER
                I'll show you.

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - DRAINAGE AREA - CONTINUOUS

    Whistler, Blade and the surviving members of the Bloodpack
    are now gathered around the octagonal iron culvert just
    beneath the ballroom.  Whistler turns on a flashlight.  We
    HEAR something moving in the darkness.  The group tenses,
    then Whistler's flashlight beam reveals --

    A REAPER

    Cowering by the culvert.  One we recognize.  The other
    vampire guard from the bloodbank, now transformed.  He's
    shrunken and emaciated, pale.  And although he's obviously
    dying, he still HISSES, his fanged mouth snapping
    ineffectually at them.  His arm has been trapped -- pinned
    under one of the sectional culvert coverings.  It looks like
    he's been trying to gnaw it off in order to escape.

                        REINHARDT
                What the hell?

                        WHISTLER
                I found him like this.  I think he was
                trying to crawl back into that culvert.

    Blade looks to the culvert in question.  He pulls back one of
    the sectioned covers.  The opening is about two feet wide,
    just large enough for a man to gain access.

    INT. SEWER/OUTFLOW AREA - CONTINUOUS

    Blade drops into the sewer line.  The area is claustrophobic,
    damp.  There are torn pieces of insulation hanging from the
    ceiling, saturated and dripping with blood.

    Blade crouch-walks further in.  We hear WIND.  He shines his
    FLASHLIGHT.  A portion of the brick wall looks like it's been
    clawed open.

                        NYSSA
                    (calling down)
                Everything okay?

    Blade retreats back to the drain-pipe, pulling himself back
    up.  We HOLD for a beat, then drift up to the blood-saturated
    strips of insulation.  SOMEONE is crouched in the shadows
    there, clinging to the ceiling upside down.

    It's NOMAK, red-eyes shining in the darkness.

                                                            CUT TO:

    INT. DAMASKINO'S LAIR - BATHHOUSE - DAY

    We are in a previously unseen portion of Damaskino's vast
    bedroom.  An elegantly tiled pool area has been partitioned
    off by a series of latticed screens.  In the counterpoint to
    this are a series of muted monitors tuned to the pulse of the
    world -- CNN, MSNBC, C-SPAN, etc.

    Damaskinos sits in a robe, finishing a meal, his eyes
    flicking over the monitors -- tracking current events, market
    fluctuations.  We get the sense that the man is a true
    polymath.  That he owes his five thousand-plus years of
    existence to resourcefulness rather than luck.

    Stevens enters, waiting to be acknowledged.

                        DAMASKINOS
                    (vampire dialect; subtitled)
                Yes?

                        STEVENS
                    (vampire dialect; subtitled)
                They've made contact with the Reapers.

                        DAMASKINOS
                    (vampire dialect; subtitled)
                Any casualties?

                        STEVENS
                    (vampire dialect; subtitled)
                Two so far.

    Unconcerned, Damaskinos slices into a piece of raw meat.

                        DAMASKINOS
                    (reverting to English)
                An inevitability, I suppose.  Nyssa was
                not among them, I trust.

                        STEVENS
                No.  This is a dangerous game, you're
                playing, Damaskinos.

                        DAMASKINOS
                Any game worthy of being played is.  One
                must be patient.  In this way, I have
                outlived my enemies.  All of them.

    Damaskinos steps beyond the screens now, into the pool area --
    and although we can't see the water from this angle, we can
    see patterns of ruby light flickering off the tiled walls.
    Stevens follows, uncomfortable.

                        STEVENS
                Blade's too volatile.  You're not going
                to be able to keep manipulating him --

    Damaskinos steps into the steaming liquid, which we now see
    is BLOOD.  His robe spreads out, floating on the surface.

                        DAMASKINOS
                You worry too much, Stevens.  I have
                assurance from our friend inside that
                events are unfolding as scripted.

                        STEVENS
                As scripted?  You've already lost two of
                your own.  How many more are you willing
                to sacrifice?

    Damaskinos sinks until he's waist-deep in the crimson fluid.

                        DAMASKINOS
                As many as it takes.
                    (pointing)
                Do you see that jar over there?

    Stevens looks to a shelf where a gold and crystal Coptic jar
    rests.  A HUMAN HEART floats within.

                        DAMASKINOS (CONT'D)
                It contains my human heart --
                    (touching a pale scar on his
                    chest)
                Something I relinquished a long time
                ago.  Only a fool would appeal to it
                now.

                                                            CUT TO:

    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - CELL - NIGHT

    The dying Reaper has now been chained inside the cell.  It
    WHEEZES and MOANS, clearly in agony.  Blade and Nyssa stand
    watch.  Blade grips the Reaper beneath its jaw, turning its
    face towards us.

                        BLADE
                Recognize him?

                        NYSSA
                    (nodding)
                From the surveillance footage in the
                bloodbank.  He was one of the guard's
                Nomak attacked.

                        BLADE
                Which means he turned about seventy-two
                hours ago.

                        NYSSA
                Right.  So why is he dying?  He doesn't
                appear to have any broken bones, no
                entry wounds of any kind -- what's
                killing him?

                        BLADE
                Time.

    Blade nicks the Reaper's carotid artery with a knife.  CLEAR
    SERUM oozes out, no red blood cells at all.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                No hemoglobin left.
                Their metabolisms are too fast.  They
                burn out.  That's why they're having to
                feed so often.  Their systems are self
                destructing.

                        NYSSA
                If that's true, what about Nomak?  He's
                been alive longer than the others.

                        BLADE
                Nomak's different.  He's the carrier.
                    (shaking his head)
                There's something driving him beyond the
                Thirst.  Something we're missing.

    As they watch, the Reaper shakes through its final death
    throes, then grows still, the nictomembranes over its eyes
    slowly sliding down.

    MOMENTS LATER - A SERIES OF ISOLATED CLOSE-UPS

    A pair of GLOVED HANDS spreads apart the Reaper's eyelids.
    In response, the protective nictomembrane slides mechanically
    down over the pupil.

                        NYSSA (O.S.)
                They appear to have a nictating membrane
                here, like you'd see on a crocodile or
                camel.  Shields the eyes from sunlight.

    The hands now part the Reaper's mouth, probing the seam in
    the chin, then splitting the mandible apart to reveal the
    enlarged esophagus.  The fingers push back on the gums and
    the pressure-sensitive fangs extend even further in response.

                        NYSSA (O.S.) (CONT'D)
                A bifurcated mandible.  More developed
                masseter muscles and zygomatic bones
                around the mouth allowing for a much
                larger, stronger bite --

    PULL BACK TO REVEAL

    Blade, Nyssa, and Scud are gathered around the autopsy table.
    The rest of the crew linger further back.

                        NYSSA (CONT'D)
                Epidermal layers are thicker, tougher --

    Nyssa begins the Y-incision along the chest.  Once again,
    CLEAR SERUM oozes out.  She cracks open the thoracic cavity.

                        SCUD
                Ho-lee shit.

    We SEE inside the abdominal cavity.  A complex, pinkish/gray
    parasitic organism has taken over every organ visible.

                        NYSSA
                I've never seen anything like this.  The
                Reapers are as different from us as we
                are from you.
                    (probing the organism)
                It's almost as if the virus is re-wiring
                their bodies, creating new, parasitic
                organs which consume the old ones.

                        BLADE
                Like cancer with a purpose.

                        NYSSA
                Exactly.  Look at the digestive system.
                It's been drastically simplified.  Super
                charged.  And this --

    She pulls back the lungs -- a calcified structure encasing a
    fibrous mass rests where the heart would normally be.  She
    taps the calcified structure with a scalpel.

                        NYSSA (CONT'D)
                The heart is completely encased in bone.

    She tries to cut into the bony shell and the scalpel snaps.
    Scud WHISTLES, impressed.

                        SCUD
                Good luck getting a stake through that.

    Blade studies the Reaper corpse, then looks to the Bloodpack.

                        BLADE
                We've got six hours till sunrise.  Be
                ready by then.

                        ASAD
                What happens at sunrise?

                        BLADE
                We take up the hunt again.

                        CHUPA
                You gotta be fucking joking.

                        BLADE
                You've seen what we're up against.
                Daylight's the only advantage we've got.
                They'll be more vulnerable then.

                        REINHARDT
                    (pointedly)
                And so will we.

                        BLADE
                Look, I care about the humans who are
                dying, not you, got it?

                        REINHARDT
                    (snarling)
                Spare me the race card, OJ.  We're not
                going out into the sun.  It's too risky.

                        BLADE
                You don't have a choice.  You're just
                going to have to protect yourselves as
                best you can.

    Blade spins and leaves.  Whistler follows.  Nyssa watches
    them disappear into Blade's room.  Reinhardt and the other
    vampires approach her.

                        REINHARDT
                You buying any of this chocolate Elvis
                bullshit?

    Nyssa just stares him down, obviously conflicted.

                        CHUPA
                This guy doesn't know what the fuck he's
                doing.  We already lost Priest and
                Lighthammer, who's gonna be next?  Fuck
                him.  Fuck his rules.  First chance I
                get, I'm chowing down on that fucking
                HeeHaw sidekick of his.

    Snowman signs something to Verlaine.

                        VERLAINE
                What do you think, Asad?

                        ASAD
                    (pointedly)
                I don't think.  I follow orders.

    Asad looks to Nyssa once more -- perhaps he's even concerned
    now.  She's still staring in the direction Blade left.


    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - BLADE'S SLEEPING AREA - NIGHT

    Blade sits in the shadows, wrapping a piece of rubber tubing
    around his arm, injecting himself with pneumatic syringe of
    serum.  He shivers, convulses violently, then throws back his
    head in relief.  When he does so, he SEES --

    Whistler standing in the doorway.  They eye each other a
    moment as Blade unwraps the tubing from his arm, puts away
    his syringe and serum.  Whistler lights a cigarette, then
    nods through a window towards Nyssa and the others.

                        WHISTLER
                You ask me, you and Miss Muffet are
                getting a mite too cozy for my taste.

                        BLADE
                I wouldn't worry about it.

    Blade moves to walk away, but Whistler stops him.

                        WHISTLER
                I am worrying.  Seems to me, you're
                starting to get confused as to which
                side of the line you're standing on.

                        BLADE
                Pretty hollow words coming from a man
                who spent the last year running with the
                enemy.

                        WHISTLER
                What the hell is that supposed to mean?

                        BLADE
                It means I'm starting to wonder if the
                vampires still have their hooks in you.
                You've been acting strange ever since I
                gave you the cure.  Reckless, quick to
                anger --
                    (beat)
                You said it yourself, Whistler.  Those
                vampires knew our defense system
                backwards and forwards.  Where'd they
                get their intel?

    Whistler steps closer, his voice dropping to a lethal,
    whisper.

                        WHISTLER
                I'm compromised?!  Me?!  I'm not the one
                playing stink-finger with Vampirella out
                there!

    Blade stares back at Whistler, calm as a viper.

                        BLADE
                You're out of line, old man.

    The two comrades in arms stare each other down.  Then,
    finally, Whistler backs away.

                        WHISTLER
                    (quietly)
                We'll see.

    Whistler turns and strides exits.  We HOLD ON Blade, torn,
    conflicted, watching Whistler retreat.

    EXT. BLADE'S WAREHOUSE/SHIPYARD - NIGHT

    We SEE a FIGURE emerge from the shadows -- CHUPA.

    EXT. CITY SLUM - NIGHT

    Chupa walks the night, scanning shadows.

    CHUPA'S POV (VAMPIRE VISION)

    Like heat-vision, only tinged with crimson.  There are DRUG
    DEALERS and bottom feeding WHORES trolling for tricks out
    here, BEATING HEARTS and BRANCHING ARTERIES highlighted on
    their ghostly silhouettes.

    Chupa moves to the mouth of an alley, nodding to a DEALER.

                        DEALER
                Lookin' to get hooked up?

                        CHUPA
                What you got?

    As the dealer glances around to see if anyone's watching --

                        DEALER
                Horse, Hawaiian ice.  Whatever you want.

    Chupa sniffs the air, glancing at a pulsating vein on the
    dealer's neck, and smiles.

                        CHUPA
                Whatever, huh?  Well I'm all off the
                hook on that bitch.

    Chupa steps into the alley with the dealer.

                        DEALER
                So what's it gonna be?

                        CHUPA
                Fear.

    Chupa is at the dealer's throat before he can finish,
    flashing his fangs, shoving him backwards.  Then --

                        CHUPA (CONT'D)
                I like a little adrenaline chaser.

    WHAP!  A HAND

    Grabs a fistful of Chupa's hair, jerking his head back.  It's
    Blade.  He yanks Chupa off the dealer.

                        BLADE
                What do you think you're doing?

                        CHUPA
                Trying to feed, puto baboso!

    The dealer takes off as Blade swings Chupa around.  They
    exchange a couple of blows, then Blade knees him in the
    balls, twisting him around by his arm, dislocating it.

    Blade releases Chupa, shoving him forward.  Chupa's broken
    arm dangles awkwardly.  Furious, Chupa reaches for his .45
    with his good hand -- only to hear the CLICK of another gun
    as it's placed against the back of his head.

    ANGLE ON NYSSA

    Standing behind him, looking grim and determined.

                        NYSSA
                Do it and you die.
                    (Chupa considers options)
                You heard Asad.  Until this is over,
                these people are our allies.

                        CHUPA
                Oh I haven't forgotten about Asad.  I'm
                just wondering if you have.

    Chupa re-holsters his gun, then jams his dislocated arm up
    against the wall and resets it.  He backs away.  Nyssa
    watches him leave, looks to Blade.

                        NYSSA
                He's right about one thing.  We do have
                to survive.

                        BLADE
                You don't have to hunt to do it.

                        NYSSA
                Really?  What are we supposed to do,
                then?  Starve ourselves because we fee
                on others in order to live?  What about
                that scumbag you just let off the hook?
                A nothing.  A drug-dealer.  How do you
                justify saving people like that?

    Blade doesn't answer, just moves away.  She follows.

                        NYSSA (CONT'D)
                You know the Thirst better than any of
                us.  You're barely managing to tread
                water yourself.  Living in a constant
                state of pain, having to shoot up that
                serum of yours.  That's not what I call
                surviving, Blade.

    Off Blade's stony expression we --

                                                            CUT TO:

    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT

    The back of the workshop.  Scud takes a hit of weed then
    resumes working on one of the UV entry lights -- it's been
    taken half-apart and tweaked-out with cables and a crystal
    prism.  Whistler is there too, loading magazines.

                        WHISTLER
                    (observing Scud)
                The hell are you fiddling with there?

                        SCUD
                    (proud, succinct)
                Tweaked the phosphor rod, modified the
                collimated beam, wanna concentrate the
                light, get something like a UV laser
                going.

                        WHISTLER
                    (shaking his head)
                You're wasting your time, already been
                tried.

                        SCUD
                Yeah, but you didn't have the Scudster
                working on it, did you?

                        WHISTLER
                    (testy)
                Nope.  Back then we did not.

                        SCUD
                    (unfazed)
                So how long have you known Blade,
                anyway?

                        WHISTLER
                Going on twenty years now.

                        SCUD
                Blade doesn't talk about the old days
                much.

                        WHISTLER
                Blade doesn't talk about anything much.
                    (nodding to Scud)
                What about you, though?

    Scud pulls up his T-shirt.  His abdomen is covered in a
    network of horrific scars.  Like something you'd see on the
    survivor of a shark attack.

                        WHISTLER (CONT'D)
                Pretty.

                        SCUD
                I was backpacking.  Hooked up with these
                two chicks who were off to see the
                Burning Man festival.  We were gonna
                take "E", have ourselves a little
                freeball out in the desert.  You know
                the riff, "Dear Penthouse, I never
                thought this would happen to me, but --"

    Scud takes a Phillip and adjust some screws on the laser.

                        SCUD (CONT'D)
                Anyway, halfway through our Three's
                Company marathon, Janet and Chrissy
                started taking chunks out of me.  Woulda
                died too if Blade hadn't shown up and
                staked those mamacitas a new honeyhole.
                    (shrugging)
                Things kinda fell in place after that.

    Scud jiggles the necklace of fangs around his neck.

                        SCUD (CONT'D)
                Took myself a few souvenirs, though.

    Scud triggers the modified entry light.  The light PULSES
    like a series of flash-bulbs going off, creating a
    stroboscopic effect as a wafer-thin, super-concentrated BLUE
    BEAM OF LIGHT slices through the shadows.  Scud looks to
    Whistler and smiles.

                        SCUD (CONT'D)
                Mmm-mmm.  Poppa's got a brand new bag.

    EXT. CITYSCAPE - PRE-DAWN

    Beyond the shadowed skyline of monolithic buildings, the
    night is beginning to give way to dawn.

    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - PRE-DAWN

    Scud stands before the others.  He looks bleary-eyed but
    pleased with the night's work.  The fruit of their efforts
    are laid on a work table before them -- a half-dozen UV laser
    guns, along with a collection of UV flashbang grenades and a
    much bigger explosive device secured into a backpack carrier.

    Blade picks up one of the UV lasers.  He sights down the
    length of it.  Scud takes a power pack and slaps into the
    base of Blade's gun.

                        SCUD
                The powerpacks have a limited charge,
                maybe ten minutes of continuous use at
                most.

    Nyssa gestures to the flashbang grenades.

                        NYSSA
                What are these?

                        SCUD
                UV flashbang grenades with plug-in
                phosphor sticks --
                    (pointing to a backpack
                    carrier)
                This is for the grand finale.  Wired
                together a couple-dozen of those
                puppies.  But I'd be careful where you
                pop your load.  Might end up frying
                yourselves in the process.

                        WHISTLER
                What about you?  You're not coming?

                        SCUD
                After last night?  Dude, I'm a lover,
                not a fighter.

    Asad looks to Blade.

                        ASAD
                What good is all this firepower if we
                don't know where they're hiding?

                        BLADE
                We won't need to.  They'll come to us.

                        REINHARDT
                How?

    Blade looks to Nyssa, who tosses Reinhardt an aerosol
    cannister.  He sprays a little, then wrinkles his nose in
    disgust, gagging.

                        REINHARDT (CONT'D)
                This is fucking foul!

                        NYSSA
                They're pheromones.  I infused them from
                that Reaper's adrenal glands.  All
                mammals use them to mark their
                territory.  Even vampires.

                        CHUPA
                Fuck that!  I'm not spraying some gash
                hound's nut-juice on me!

                        NYSSA
                Trust me, the Reapers will key to it.
                If we use this, we'll draw them out.

                                                            CUT TO:

    INT. HOUSE OF PAIN - DRAINAGE AREA - DAWN

    Beneath the ballroom gratings.  A high-angle shot looking
    down at the octagonal iron culvert around which Blade,
    Whistler, and the remainder of the Bloodpack are gathered.
    The mechanized, sectional portions of the culvert covering
    are GRINDING UPWARD, flowering open and apart like some blood
    and rust-encrusted gateway to Hell.

    INT. SEWER/OUTFLOW AREA - DAWN

    One by one, the group of hunters descend into the
    claustrophobic chamber.  Verlaine is lugs the UV bomb on her
    back.  Blade leads them to the clawed-open portion of the
    brick wall, then on through.

    INT. SEWER LINE - CONTINUOUS

    Blade leads the group along a grime-encrusted line which
    slopes gradually downward, sloshing through ankle-deep run
    off water collected from the city above them.  Tendrils of
    mist drift about, cutting their field of vision even further.
    Here and there, thin SHAFTS of SUNLIGHT cut down through
    cracks in the street above, requiring the vampires to
    cautiously circumvent them.

    They reach a four-way intersection of tunnels.  Blade pauses.

                        BLADE
                Time for Nyssa's pheromones.

    Blade opens a statchel.  Inside are a dozen distinctive
    aluminum atomizers.  He hands them out to the others.
    Whistler triggers a can, spraying a thin mist over his face,
    wrinkling his noses in disgust.

                        WHISTLER
                Eau de suckhead.  Tasty.

                        BLADE
                We'll split into three units.  First
                team that makes contact wins the prize.
                Try to maintain radio silence from here
                on out.

    Blade points to Chupa and Whistler, indicating the Eastern
    tunnel.  They head off.  Next, Blade directs Nyssa, Asad,
    Snowman, and Verlaine down the Western tunnel.  Blade nods to
    Reinhardt and starts down the Northern branch.

    INT. EASTERN TUNNEL - DAY

    It's darker here, no shafts of sunlight slicing down from
    above.  Whistler turns on his UV entry light.  Chupa reaches
    out with his hand, partially blocking the beam.

                        CHUPA
                Turn it off.

    As the shifting patterns of light and shadow play across
    Chupa's face we SEE his pupils contract and dilate
    unnaturally large in response.

                        CHUPA (CONT'D)
                We want to attract them, not scare them
                off.

                        WHISTLER
                Yeah, but you fangs can see in the dark.
                What am I supposed to do?

    Chupa tosses Whistler a pair of night-vision goggles.

                        CHUPA
                Bifocals, grandpa.  And try to keep up.

    Chupa heads into the darkness, moving with uncanny speed.

    INT. TUNNELS - VARIOUS

    We intercut between the three teams now, back and forth as
    they progress deeper into the city's bowels.

    INT. NORTHERN TUNNEL - DAY

    Blade and Reinhardt trudge along.  The tunnel slopes inward,
    forming a V-shaped channel where a trickle of water flows.
    Blade notices SOMETHING bobbing in the water.  He nudges it
    with his foot and knocks it free.  It's a broken HUMAN TIBIA
    which twirls around, then flows past their legs.

    A few steps later on, Reinhardt notices SOMETHING ELSE.  He
    stoops into waist-deep water, picking up what he thinks is an
    isolated HUMAN RIB -- but ends up snagging a tangled mass of
    hair, mud, and bones.

    INT. EASTERN TUNNEL - DAY

    Whistler and Chupa move side by side.  Chupa is anxious, eyes
    darting about.  Occasionally, they come upon a transection
    with smaller conduits leading off to the right and the left.
    Then they reach a stooped, narrower tunnel and have to move
    single file.

    Suddenly, a BLAST of LIGHT and THUNDEROUS SOUND explodes
    above them.  They look up --

                        WHISTLER
                    (startled)
                Shit!

    A subway TRAIN rockets by on a track just above them,
    pummeling them with soot and dust.

    Unseen by them, briefly illuminated by the flashing subway
    lights we see three Reaper faces, pale and haunting, hanging
    upside down.

    INT. NORTHERN TUNNEL - DAY

    Blade and Reinhardt reach a dead-end where the tunnel has
    caved in.  A BERM OF HUMAN BONES slopes upward from the water
    -- skulls and ribs, vertebrae, tibias, metatarsi.  Blade
    kneels, inspecting them.  There are gnaw marks on them.

                        BLADE
                Must be hundreds of these skeletons
                here.

                        REINHARDT
                So?

                        BLADE
                So I think you people may have
                underestimated how many Reapers you're
                dealing with.

    INT. WESTERN TUNNEL - DAY

    As Nyssa, Snowman, Verlaine, and Asad cautiously move
    forward, Nyssa GASPS, startled by --

    HALF A DOZEN REAPERS laying on the tunnel floor before them
    in a stagnant pool of sewage water.  Dead.

    INT. EASTERN TUNNEL - DAY

    Back with Whistler and Chupa, Whistler is in the lead.

                        CHUPA (O.S.)
                Hey,hillbilly.

    As Whistler turns around, Chupa SLAMS Whistler in the side of
    the head, swiping his night-vision goggles off.  As Whistler
    vainly searches for his goggles.

                        WHISTLER
                What the fuck you doing?

                        CHUPA
                Ain't nobody here but you and me,
                chicken wing.  I'd say this is as good a
                time as any to settle up.

    Chupa moves stealthily in darkness, violently KICKING the
    older man.  Whistler tries to crawl away, then reaches for
    his pheromone atomizer and locks it in the "on-position".  As
    Chupa continues to lay into Whistler we SEE the atomizer roll
    away, dispensing its contents.

    INT. NORTHERN TUNNEL - DAY

    Blade and Reinhardt by the berm of human bones.

                        NYSSA (O.S.)
                    (filtered; over comm.)
                Blade.  We've got six Reapers.  They're
                all dead.

                        BLADE
                Fry 'em.

    INT. WESTERN TUNNEL - DAY

    Nyssa nods to Asad and Verlaine.  They train their UV lasers
    on the area where the Reaper corpses were -- but the Reaper
    bodies are gone.  And so is Snowman for that matter.

                        ASAD
                What?  Where did they go?

                        VERLAINE
                Screw that, where did Snowman go?

    Just then, we hear a NOISE from above.  Nyssa and the others
    whip their UV lasers in that direction.

                        NYSSA
                Jesus, they were playing possum!

    THEIR POV

    A HORDE OF REAPERS skitter away from the lights.

    INT. EASTERN TUNNEL - DAY

    CLOSE ON the pheromone atomizer, the spray petering out.
    Whistler is beat to shit, bleeding from his mouth.  Chupa
    reaches for his handgun, whipping it out just as --

    Whistler's hands brush the damaged night vision goggles.  He
    swings them upward.

    WHISTLER'S POV (THROUGH GOGGLES)

    Whistler has just enough time to register Chupa, the handgun
    pointed directly at him/us before noticing SOMETHING ELSE
    just beyond Chupa.

    A DOZEN REAPERS

    Clinging to the ceiling above.  They drop down on Chupa like
    a pack of rabid dogs, literally tearing him in half.

    INT. NORTHERN TUNNEL - DAY (20 YEARS AGO)

    Hearing GUNFIRE and SCREAMS, Blade charges back in Whistler's
    direction as --

    THE BERM OF HUMAN BONES

    EXPLODE apart.  Reapers CHARGE towards them, hitting Blade in
    the chest, driving him backwards.  As Blade falls, his entry
    light swings upward, illuminating.

    ANOTHER REAPER

    Drops down atop Reinhardt, knocking his UV gun into the
    water.  We SEE even MORE REAPERS converging in on them from
    the side tunnels in a cacophony of SHADOW and NOISE.

    INT. WESTERN TUNNEL - DAY (20 YEARS AGO)

    Verlaine, Nyssa and Asad are FIRING their UV lasers.  The
    pumping flashes of their guns throw crazy shadows in every
    direction.  Adding to the unbridled chaos of strobing light
    and NOISE.  More and more Reapers are swarming towards them,
    moving towards us at an unearthly clip!  Nyssa and her
    compatriots retreat, running for their lives.

    A REAPER

    Leaps, landing on Verlaine's back.  It grabs her head and
    deftly SNAPS her spine in half with a sickening CRUNCH!

    INT. EASTERN TUNNEL - DAY (20 YEARS AGO)

    Whistler panics, backing away from the SOUNDS of the reapers
    slaughtering Chupa.  He finds his gun, flicks on the UV entry
    light --

    And just like that, the attacking reapers have vanished.
    Whistler whirls about, sweeping the UV beam around, but all
    he SEES is darkness.

    Then, a bone-chilling WHISPER cuts through the shadows.

                        NOMAK (O.S.)
                Whistler.

    Whistler spins.  NOMAK RIGHT BEHIND HIM.  As Whistler whips
    the UV gun up, Nomak stops it.  The beam is mere millimeters
    from the Reaper's face -- close enough to illuminate his
    nightmarish features, but not close enough to burn.

                        NOMAK (CONT'D)
                If you survive this, tell your master.
                My end is my beginning.

    In an eyeblink, Nomak is gone.  Whistler spins, shining the
    UV this way and that.  Alone in the dark.

    INT. NORTHERN TUNNEL - DAY

    Blade FIRES his UV into a Reaper's torso.  As the Reaper
    incinerates, Blade spins, FIRING at a second Reaper --

    ON REINHARDT

    Firing his non-UV weapon.  Two Reapers are closing in on him.

                        BLADE
                Take mine!

    Blade throws Reinhardt his UV laser and unsheathes his sword.
    Reinhardt sweeps the lethal beam over the two reapers.

    Blade retreats back into the water, calm, letting the
    creatures comes to him.  As they close in on him, he slips
    the tip of the sword beneath the surface of the water,
    waiting --

    As one, the Reapers converge on Blade.  He swings his sword
    up from the water, hacking away at them, using their own
    momentum against them.

    Reinhardt considers his options.  He decides to run for it --

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                Reinhardt!

    Reinhardt races away, abandoning Blade.  Blade reaches for
    one of the UV flashbangs clipped to his harness.  He pulls
    the pin with his teeth and shoves it into an on-rushing
    Reaper's mouth as --

    Reinhardt slips on the wet concrete and --

    BANG!  Searing LIGHT fills the tunnel, instantly incinerating
    the Reaper.

    Reinhardt's unprotected face CATCHES FIRE.   He SCREAMS,
    falling back into the water, trying to douse the flames.
    ANOTHER REAPER lands atop him, dragging him down as --

    INT. NORTHERN AND WESTERN TUNNELS - CONTINUOUS

    We hear GUNFIRE and SCREAMS coming from all directions.
    Blade retreats.  A reaper, fully ON FIRE from the UV
    explosion, races towards him.  As Blade decapitates it:

                        BLADE
                    (shouting into radio)
                Re-group!  Re-group!

    Asad and Nyssa also retreat.  Nyssa pulls a pin on a UV
    flashbang, throws it behind her.  BA-BANG!  UV light fills
    the tunnels and --

    INT. SEWER LINE - FOUR-WAY INTERSECTION - DAY

    Blade, Nyssa, Whistler and Asad abruptly find themselves back
    in the four-way juncture, knee-deep in water.  They quickly
    regroup, out of breath, riding adrenaline highs.

                        NYSSA
                Where's Chupa?

                        WHISTLER
                Forget him, he's chunk-style.

                        ASAD
                Same with Snowman and Verlaine.

                        WHISTLER
                Guess that perfume of yours did the
                trick after all?

                        BLADE
                    (quietly)
                A little too well, I'd say.

    The others turn to look in Blade's direction.

    DOZENS OF RED EYES

    are staring out at them from the darkness of the Eastern
    Tunnel.  Then we hear a HISSING SOUND coming from the
    opposite direction.  Blade and the others spin around --

    MORE RED-EYED REAPERS

    are closing in on them from the West.  AND THE NORTH.  AND
    THE SOUTH!  There must be forty of them in all.

                        WHISTLER
                Perfect.  We got the whole fucking
                Partridge family here.

    They retreat until they are back to back, each one of them
    covering their respective tunnel opening.

    A REAPER

    Lunges at them from the North.  Asad triggers his UV laser,
    scorching the creature.  It HOWLS and slinks backwards.

    TWO MORE REAPERS

    Attack from the East and the West.  Blade and Nyssa respond
    in kind, burning their assailants in mid-air.  But even as
    they fire, their UV beams weaken, the flashes of light coming
    from their barrels pulsing less frequently.

                        WHISTLER (CONT'D)
                Unless anybody has any bright ideas, I'd
                say we're about half a battery away from
                a reaper gang-bang.

    The foursome are managing to keep the Reapers at bay, but
    just barely.  Blade motions to Nyssa.

                        BLADE
                Give me the rest of the pheromones.

    Nyssa reaches inside her harness, handing Blade the remaining
    atomizers.  He crushes them in his fist, letting the fluid
    within spill over his face and chest.

                        ASAD
                What are you doing?

    The Reapers become even more agitated, HISSING loudly,
    pressing in on them closer and closer.  Blade nods his head
    back down the Western tunnel.

                        BLADE
                Verlaine's body is back there somewhere
                with the UV bomb.  If you train your
                guns in that direction, you'll drive an
                opening in their ranks.  I'll run for
                it.  When the Reapers come after me, you
                make a break for it the other way.

    Asad studies Blade with newfound respect.

                        ASAD
                You won't make it.

                        BLADE
                    (hefting his UV gun)
                Then I'll die trying, won't I?

                        NYSSA
                Blade.

                        BLADE
                Save it.  I don't want to hear your
                words.  Let's do this NOW!!!

    The foursome spin, FIRING their UV lasers down the Western
    tunnel.  The Reapers SHRIEK, falling to either side, their
    bodies burning --

    Blade CHARGES FORWARD, firing his dying UV laser.  As he
    makes it past the line of Reapers, they start after him,
    driven into a frenzy by the pheromones.  The Reapers in the
    Northern and Eastern tunnels flood after Blade too, leaving --

    Nyssa, Whistler and Asad to contend with the Reapers in the
    Southern tunnel.  They discharge their weapons, shouldering
    Reapers aside, making a mad dash for freedom.

    INT. WESTERN TUNNEL - DAY

    Blade runs, splashing and stumbling through the water, just a
    hair's breadth ahead of the HOWLING Reaper horde.  Suddenly,
    the tunnel widens out into a larger chamber.

    INT. SOUTHERN TUNNEL - DAY

    Whistler and the others FIRE BACK at the small group of
    Reapers which have followed them, rather than Blade.

    ON WHISTLER

    cut off from Nyssa and Asad.  He spots a maintenance ladder
    and runs for it, dragging himself up the rungs.  A Reaper
    leaps up the ladder after him --

    Whistler reaches the top of the ladder, but his exit is
    blocked by a manhole cover!  It's STUCK!  Whistler swings up
    his shotgun, FIRING into the cover.

    The cover is BLOWN UPWARDS, sending a shaft of blinding
    sunlight down on the Reaper below him.  As the Reaper
    incinerates, Whistler scurries upwards to safety.

    INT. WESTERN TUNNEL/CHAMBER - DAY

    Blade reaches Verlaine's half-submerged body.  He tears the
    backpack carrier off the dead vampire and hefts it onto his
    shoulder, charging up an elevated concrete embankment as --

    INT. SOUTHERN TUNNEL - DAY

    Nyssa and Asad find themselves cornered.  Their UV lasers are
    shot.  The Reapers are closing in and we're --


    INT. WESTERN TUNNEL/CHAMBER - DAY

    Back with Blade, the Reapers overrunning him.  They pile atop
    one another in a frenzied effort to get to him.  Dozens and
    dozens of them.  And still Blade struggles upward, lifting
    the UV cluster bomb triumphantly above his head, triggering
    the device.

    The world goes white.

    No explosions.  Just BLINDING, PURIFYING LIGHT leaving us
    with a retina-burn image of Blade's silhouette surrounded by
    Reapers.  In that brief instant, the Reapers are frozen,
    revealed as WRAITH-LIKE X-RAY IMAGES of bone and muscle.

    INT. SOUTHERN TUNNEL - DAY

    A BLAST-WAVE of LIGHT fills the tunnel, chasing its way
    towards Nyssa and Asad, overtaking the Reapers before them.
    Asad throws himself at Nyssa, knocking her into the knee-deep
    water, shielding her body with his own.

    BENEATH THE WATER

    Asad still burns, flaring up and disintegrating from the
    surface on downward like a piece of liquid-drenched
    magnesium, bubbles streaming from his writing body.

    INT. WESTERN TUNNEL - DAY

    Darkness, then patterns of subtle shadow and light as our
    vision slowly returns.  FWASH!  Blade strikes a FLARE.  In
    the sputtering aureole, the aftermath is slowly revealed.

    Blade crouches, unscathed, as if he were standing ground zero
    in the aftermath of Hiroshima.  Scores of Reaper ash-outlines
    radiate out from him, some of them flash-seared into the
    surrounding brickwork walls like permanent shadows.

    INT. SOUTHERN TUNNEL - DAY

    Blade slowly makes his way down the tunnel, using the
    sputtering flare to guide him.  As before, he sees nothing
    but Reaper ash outlines.  But then, Blade sees --

    NYSSA

    Bleeding and horribly burned despite Asad's sacrifice.  Blade
    crouches, scooping her up into his arms.

                                                            CUT TO:

    INT. HOSPITAL - INNER-CITY TRAUMA WARD - DAY

    BANG!  Blade kicks open a pair of doors, hurrying Nyssa
    inside.  He's carrying her limp form in his arms, having
    wrapped her in a blanket.  Blade himself looks like hell
    warmed over -- covered in blood, ash, and grime.

    He rushes her towards the ER, navigating through a maze of
    PATIENTS and VISITORS.  An ER NURSE approaches.

                        ER NURSE
                Sir, you can't just --

    WHAM!  Blade shoulders the ER NURSE aside, barreling into the
    triage where bewildered DOCTORS and ORDERLIES wait.

                        DOCTOR
                What?!

                        BLADE
                She needs a hypertransfusion.  NOW!

    Blade sets Nyssa down on an operating table, pulling off the
    blanket.  She's badly burned and she's lost an enormous
    amount of blood.  As we watch, she GROANS, revealing her
    fangs.

                        DOCTOR
                    (aghast)
                God in Heaven.

    Just then, a POLICEMAN enters, gun drawn.

                        POLICEMAN
                Alright, buddy, step away if --

    WHAP!  Blade slaps the cop's gun away and KICKS him in the
    chest.  The cop flies backwards, SLAMS into a bank of
    equipment, falls.  A NURSE SCREAMS.  In a near blur, Blade
    has his MACH out and pressed against the Doctor's forehead.

                        BLADE
                Do you want to die?

                        DOCTOR
                Not particularly.

                        BLADE
                    (holstering his MACH)
                Then get your fucking team in gear.

    Blade unsheathes his sword, deftly drawing the edge across
    his wrist, opening a vein.  He cradles Nyssa's head, pulling
    her mouth to the wound on his wrist.  And as she starts to
    feed we pull back and --

                                                            CUT TO:

    EXT. THE CITY - DUSK

    The sun dips towards the horizon.  The shadows of the urban
    landscape lengthen and darken in time-lapse.

    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - SHOWERS - DUSK

    Blade stands beneath the showerhead, turning his face up into
    the scalding spray, rinsing the blood from his chiseled
    physique.  Crimson water circles the drain.

    INT. SCUD'S WORKSHOP - BLADE'S SLEEPING AREA - DUSK

    Nyssa now rests on a cot.  Peaceful, the color having
    somewhat returned to her features.  After a moment, her eyes
    flutter open and she takes in her surroundings.  She is in
    Blade's austere bedroom -- there are tatami mats, a basin for
    water, a well-thumbed volume of Zen koans.

    A SHAFT OF SUNLIGHT

    cuts through an icy window pane above, angling down near
    Nyssa's cot.  Dust motes swirl about it.

    Nyssa focuses on it.  Longingly.  Then she raises her arm and
    reaches towards it.  Closer, closer -- just barely extending
    her hand into the light.  Her fingertips blacken and smoke,
    yet Nyssa endures the pain for another moment.  Finally, she
    withdraws her hand, inspecting the damage -- then notices
    Blade watching her from the doorway.

                        NYSSA
                Each day is a little life.

                        BLADE
                What?

                        NYSSA
                "Each day is a little life.  Every
                waking and rising a little birth, every
                fresh morning a little youth, every
                going to rest and sleep a little death."

    She looks back to the sunlight, wistful, sits herself up.

                        NYSSA (CONT'D)
                Anyone else make it?

                        BLADE
                I don't think so.

    Blade enters, kneeling by the edge of the cot, inspecting her
    wounds.  Studiously avoiding her gaze.

                        NYSSA
                Thank you.

                        BLADE
                For what?

                        NYSSA
                It would've been easy for you to let me
                die back there today, but you didn't.

                        BLADE
                    (shrugging)
                I wouldn't read too much into it.

    She reaches for his face.  Blade stops her hand.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                You don't want to go there.

                        NYSSA
                Why?

                        BLADE
                Because one of us is going to kill the
                other before this ends.

                        NYSSA
                It doesn't have to be like that.  We
                don't have to be enemies.

                        BLADE
                Get real.  I was useful to Damaskinos as
                long as the hunt was still on.  Now that
                it's over, all bets are off.

                        NYSSA
                    (pointedly)
                If that's true, then why'd you save me?

    Blade stands now, moving to the ice-covered window, troubled
    by the question.  Damned if he knows the answer.  After a
    beat, Nyssa rises too, keeping to the shadows.

                        NYSSA (CONT'D)
                Why do you hate us so much?

                        BLADE
                I am a hunter.  A weapon.  It's what I
                do.  It's in my blood.

                        NYSSA
                Well it's in mine, too.  I'm a
                pureblood.  I wasn't turned.  I was born
                this way.  Just like you.  Am I evil
                because I want to survive?
                    (beat)
                What about a wolf?  What about any
                predator?

    Nyssa pursues Blade, circling around in front of him so he
    has to face her again.

                        NYSSA (CONT'D)
                The only difference between you and me
                is that I made peace with who I was a
                long time ago.  I'm not ashamed of what
                I am.
                    (beat)
                You haven't been hunting us all these
                years.  You've been hunting yourself.

    Blade moves away.  She reaches for his shoulder.  He whirls
    on her, angry, traps her hand.  She tires to pull it free but
    he grips her wrist tightly, pulling her closer --

                        NYSSA (CONT'D)
                You're hurting me.

                        BLADE
                Pain cuts the deepest, isn't that what
                you said?

    And closer, their faces are just inches apart now --

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                Reminds you you're alive?

    And Blade kisses her, hungrily.  Nyssa responds in kind.  Her
    head drops low, her mouth finding the cords of his neck --
    sucking at his flesh, then sinking her teeth in deep and --

    WHAM!  Blade clamps a hand around her throat, slamming her
    head back.  A droplet of blood dribbles from her lips as she
    lets loose a breathless shudder.  She's in the ecstatic
    throes of the Thirst now, all reason gone.

    Blade reaches his other hand to her shirt, ripping it open as
    he runs his fingers across her breasts, then over her exposed
    rib cage.  He turns her around, forcing her against the wall,
    sinking his own fangs into the back of her neck.  She groans
    as we --

                                                            CUT TO:

    THE TWO OF THEM

    Naked on the tatami mats upon which Blade sleeps.  Skin
    beaded with sweat.  Breath steaming in the chill air.  He's
    atop her, moving inside her with measured thrusts.

    Nyssa's limbs are wrapped around him.  She claws at the
    expanse of his back with her fingernails.  Her mouth is
    locked on Blade's throat, then his is locked on hers.
    Together they drink, leeching blood from one another.

    PULLING BACK AGAIN

    Nyssa clutching greedily at Blade like she never wants to let
    go.  Her soul is gone -- transported to that place we drift
    to when the euphoria overtake us and we're somehow able to
    transcend the horror of our fleeting lives.

    Finally, Nyssa GASPS, climaxing as she retracts her fangs
    from Blade.  Her head rolls to the side as her pupil --
    focused on nothing short of eternity -- dilate unnaturally
    large.

    LATER

    Blade and Nyssa lie in each other's arms, awash in moonlight,
    blissfully dead to the world until --

    SOMETHING MAKES BLADE STIR

    He sits up, listening.  Nyssa stirs beside him.  She moves to
    speak but Blade holds up a hand, silencing her.  Together,
    they slowly creep towards a nearby window where --

    JARED NOMAK'S NIGHTMARE FACE

    is pressed up against the icy glass, staring back at them!
    Nyssa GASPS.  Blade draws back with a start.  But in the time
    it takes to blink, Nomak is gone.  Just then, we hear a
    NOISE.  Scud appears in a doorway, groggy.

                        SCUD
                What's going on?

                        BLADE
                He was here.  Watching us.

                        SCUD
                Nomak?

                        BLADE
                He wants us to know he's hunting us now.

    MOMENTS LATER

    Blade is at the computer workstation.  He activates the
    footage of Nomak he was viewing earlier.  He fast-forwards to
    a specific moment, then plays it back at normal speed.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                Nomak said something to me before he
                disappeared the first time --

    Blade points to the screen, saying the words as Nomak
    silently mouths them.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                Athelfiki singenia ex amato.  At first I
                thought he might've been using one of
                the vampire dialects.  But it turns out,
                it's Greek.  Do you know what it means?

    Nyssa shakes her head.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                It means "bloodbrother."

                        NYSSA
                I don't understand.

                        WHISTLER (O.S.)
                Well maybe I do.

    Blade spins, his MACH pistol up and ready to fire.  Whistler
    sits on the opposite side of the room, watching them as he
    smokes.

                        WHISTLER (CONT'D)
                    (to Scud)
                Your security's for shit, kid.

                        BLADE
                Where the hell have you been?

                        WHISTLER
                Just out connecting a few dots.

    Whistler rises from his chair.  He flicks his cigarette butt
    into the shadows and fixes Blade with a heavy stares.

                        WHISTLER (CONT'D)
                Bangin' some vampire chick.  Kind of a
                faux pas in our line of work, wouldn't
                you say?  Hope you double bagged it, at
                least.

    Blade is still guarded, not yet ready to lower his MACH.

                        BLADE
                What's your problem, Whistler?

                        WHISTLER
                Why don't you ask your girlfriend?

    Blade looks to Nyssa, but she seems equally perplexed.

                        WHISTLER (CONT'D)
                I did some checking on that Carter
                Stevens character.  That familiar of
                theirs who claimed he was with the NIH?
                Turns out he used to work for them, but
                he doesn't anymore.

                        BLADE
                Then who does he work for?

    Whistler gives Nyssa a rueful stare, then tosses Blade a
    research folder.  On the cover is the same red, double-helix
    logo we saw at Damaskinos' facility.

                        WHISTLER
                Some biotech outfit called Caliban
                Industries.  They've been lying to us
                since day one.  This Nomak fucker didn't
                evolve.  He was designed.

    Nyssa look to Blade, imploring.

                        NYSSA
                I don't know what he's talking about.

                        WHISTLER
                You expect us to believe that?
                    (to Blade)
                Who you going to trust, Blade?  Me or
                her?

    EXT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - NIGHT

    A high-tech, heavily guarded industrial complex nestled
    within an expanse of unassuming wooded acreage overlooking
    the ocean.

    INT. DAMASKINOS' LAIR - NIGHT

    Carter Stevens shuts down his computer workstation, then
    moves to the heavy oak door, glancing at a medical chart as
    he opens it.  When he looks up --

                        STEVENS
                You?

    A fist PUNCHES Stevens in the face.

    BLADE

    Stands in the entry way.  Whistler is behind him, holding a
    gun to Nyssa.  Scud is there, too.

                        BLADE
                    (mobing in on Stevens)
                Start talking, bitch.

                        STEVENS
                I don't know what you --

    Blade spins Stevens around, shoving his face against a glass
    case, crushing the man's nose, spiderwebbing the glass.

                        BLADE
                Nomak!  You created him!

    Blade clamps his fingers around Stevens' broken nose and
    twists it with a sickening CRUNCH.  Stevens SCREAMS, caving.

                        STEVENS
                Ohgodohgodohgod...
                    (in agony)
                Alright, alright.  Yes, we did...
                    (gasping)
                PLEASE!  PLEASE!!!

    Blade releases him.  Stevens sinks to the floor, cradling his
    brutalized face.

                        BLADE
                Keep talking, Stevens.  Tell me why.

                        STEVENS
                    (sputtering)
                The Shadow Cabinet.  For decades they've
                been trying to find a way to rid
                themselves of their hereditary
                weaknesses.  Viral epidemiology,
                immunochemistry.  Recombinant DNA was
                the next logical step.

                        NYSSA
                    (genuinely horrified)
                No, that's not possible.  They wouldn't
                keep something like this from me...

                        STEVENS
                Your father didn't want you to know.
                    (haltingly)
                Something went wrong.  The Reaper strain
                was too aggressive.  Then Nomak escaped.

                        WHISTLER
                And we're supposed to clean up your
                mess.  Fucking perfect.

                        STEVENS
                    (defensive)
                Look, the fact that Nomak was
                artificially created didn't make the
                threat any less urgent.  He was still
                out there, spreading the Reaper virus.

    But Blade's not concerned about that now.  He's got something
    more pressing on his mind.

                        BLADE
                The genetic material you spliced into
                Nomak --
                    (beat; almost fearful)
                Where did you get it?

                        DAMASKINOS (O.S.)
                I should think that would be obvious at
                this point.

    ANGLE ON DAMASKINOS

    Standing behind them.

                        DAMASKINOS (CONT'D)
                We took the genetic material from you.

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - ELEVATED CORRIDOR - NIGHT

    Damaskinos leads them down a corridor.

                        DAMASKINOS
                Jared Nomak is your genetic brother.
                And I suppose if you follow that line of
                reasoning to its logical conclusion,
                then these are your offspring.

    Damaskinos reaches to a nearby control panel, pressing a
    button.  A pair of massive doors slide apart, revealing:

    THE EUGENICS CHAMBER

    We are in a vast, multitiered, temperature-controlled chamber
    -- equal parts 21st century medical facility and Hammer House
    of Horror.

    A network of catwalks look down upon the circular chamber,
    the center of which is dominated by a massive, steel cask,
    which is in turn ringed by a safety railing.  The operation
    looks not unlike a small-scale water purification plant, or
    perhaps a futuristic distillery.  Only in this instance, the
    liquid churning within the cask is HUMAN BLOOD.

    TINY EMBRYOS

    Each no bigger than a thumbnail, line the walls of the
    chamber, preserved in credit card sized cryo-cases.  There
    are thousands of them, resting atop one another in racks with
    stretch from the floor on upwards.

    As Damaskinos removes an embryo from the rack, we see ANOTHER
    EMBRYO behind it.  That cryo-case now slides forward with a
    WHIR, taking the place of the one which Damaskinos removed.
    Like some kind of perverse vending machine.  God knows how
    deep they're stacked.  If thousands are visible, there could
    be tens of thousands in total.

    Damaskinos holds the translucent cryo-case up to the light.
    The Embryo within shudders, its tiny heart beating.

                        DAMASKINOS (CONT'D)
                    (proudly)
                A new breed, begotten from your own
                flesh.  Immune to silver, even sunlight.
                    (stepping towards Blade)
                The wolves have lain with the sheep long
                enough.  No more compromises.  No more
                deals.  Only closure.

    BOOM!  We hear the tread of HEAVY FOOTSTEPS approaching.  All
    eyes turn towards a side corridor.

    REINHARDT

    enters from the shadows, holding Scud's rail-gun.  Much of
    his face has been burnt away, leaving him with a ghastly
    death's head mask of blackened muscle and exposed bone.

                        REINHARDT
                Put it back in park, Blade.

                        BLADE
                Thought you were dead.

                        REINHARDT
                Seems like there's a lot of that going
                around these days.

    As Reinhardt aims the rail gun at Blade, a DOZEN VAMPIRE
    GUARDS appear on the catwalks above, also taking aim.

                        REINHARDT (CONT'D)
                Six-thousand feet per second, isn't that
                what Whistler said?  Let's see you dodge
                this one --

    Blade does his level best, pulling his MACH, squeezing off a
    SHOT even as Reinhardt FIRES.  BA-BANG!  Blade is hit in the
    side, spun clear around.  His shot goes wild, hitting one of
    the Guards in the head, turning him to ash as Blade himself
    falls to the floor.

                        NYSSA
                Blade!

    Blade GASPS in shock.  The rail-gun needles have ripped a
    brutal hole through the side of his chest-plate.  He clutches
    at his flank, trying to staunch the blood that's seeping
    between his fingers.  As he sits forward, we see MORE
    FLECHETTES have embedded in the wall behind him, having torn
    completely through him.

    Whistler steps forward.  One of the vampire sentries LASHES
    OUT, striking him in the face with the butt of his rifle.
    Whistler sinks to his knees, stunned.  The guard disarms him.

    ON BLADE

    Gritting his teeth against the pain.  He reaches inside his
    combat harness, pulling out the remote detonator for the
    explosive flechette in Reinhardt's skull.

                        BLADE
                Kiss your ass goodbye, Reinhardt.

                        SCUD
                You're wasting your time, Blade.  The
                flechette's a dud.

    Scud crosses over to Reinhardt's side.  Whistler stares at
    him in disbelief.

                        SCUD (CONT'D)
                It was never supposed to explode.  All
                it was supposed to do was make you feel
                like you were in control.

    Blade's eyes darken with hatred.  Reinhardt laughs.

                        REINHARDT
                Thought you had me on a short leash,
                didn't you, chief?  Only it turns out,
                you're the one that's been on the leash.

    Reinhardt digs his claws into his scalp and tugs the barbed
    flechette from his skull.  As he does so, Blade's remote
    detonator BEEPS to indicate it's being tempered with.
    Reinhardt finishes removing it and sighs contentedly.

                        REINHARDT (CONT'D)
                That's better.

    Reinhardt tosses the fletchette to Scud, who grins, flipping
    down his lower lip to reveal a vampire glyph tattooed on it.

                        SCUD
                See, I'm one of Damaskinos' familiars.

    Blade looks to Nyssa who averts her gaze.

                        SCUD (CONT'D)
                Yeah, your little cootchie knew.

                        WHISTLER
                You little shit.  When did they get to
                you?

                        SCUD
                Back when Blade had me hunting down your
                puckered old ass.  What's up with your
                hair, anyway?  Fucking Willie Nelson
                look-a-like?

    Scud punches Whistler in the face.

                        SCUD (CONT'D)
                Man, I so wanted to do that.

    Scud shakes his hand, which is smarting from the blow.  He
    looks to Blade now, angry.

                        SCUD (CONT'D)
                And you.  You never cared about me.  I
                gave you everything.  All you cared
                about was digging up the old fuck!  You
                think they scoped out my security
                system?
                    (chuckling)
                I let them in.  Dude, I practically gave
                'em the fucking keys.  I've been feeding
                Damaskinos information the whole time.
                Providing them with samples of your
                genetic material -- helping them with
                the Reaper program.  They're close,
                Blade.  Right up against it.  Any day
                now, they're all going to be Daywalkers.
                And when that happens, well, let's just
                say, I don't want to be on the losing
                team.  You may be strong, you may be
                fast, but in the end, you're just too
                human, B.

    He pinches Blade's cheek.  Then he stands up.

                        SCUD (CONT'D)
                So that's down and dirty.  Got anything
                to say for yourself?

                        BLADE
                    (weak, but defiant)
                Two things.  One, I was on to you the
                moment they turned you.  And two --
                    (raising the detonator;
                    smiling)
                I switched that dud of yours back with
                the real one.

    Scud has a split-second of terrified, wide-eyed realization
    before Blade pushes the button and BOOM!  The flechette in
    Scud's hand EXPLODES, blowing his body apart, spraying those
    nearest him with blood.  Primarily Reinhardt.

                        REINHARDT
                Son of a bitch!

    As the others react with varying degrees of surprise and
    horror, Reinhardt savagely KICKS Blade across the face.  He
    HITS Blade again and again, driving him down to the floor.
    Then he bends and tugs the sword from Blade's back-scabbard,
    preparing to cut his throat.

                        DAMASKINOS
                Reinhardt!

    Reinhardt hesitates.  Nyssa takes a step towards Blade, but
    Damaskinos stops her.  Damaskinos gestures to his guards.
    They haul Blade up and drag him from the lab.  Reinhardt
    gestures to Whistler.

                        REINHARDT
                What about him, then?
                    (crossing to Whistler,
                    handcuffing him)
                Me and Hobo Kelly here have a little
                unfinished business.

    Damaskinos waves dismissively.  Reinhardt takes Whistler
    away.

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - AUTOPSY ROOM - NIGHT

    Blade is dragged into a large autopsy room.  The vampire
    guards lay him on a steel autopsy table.  He struggles
    against them, but he's just too weak from loss of blood.
    Eventually they get him secured, clamping his wrists and
    ankles into steel manacles which are affixed to the table.

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - SECURITY ROOM - NIGHT

    CLOSE ON

    Blade's sword pommel as the booby-trap blades in the handle
    spring out.

                        REINHARDT (O.S.)
                Nice.

    PULL BACK to reveal Reinhardt holding Blade's sword.  He
    gives it a few practiced swings, then runs his thumb along
    the blade.

                        REINHARDT (CONT'D)
                How many vampires do you think he's
                killed with this thing?

    ON WHISTLER

    Sitting in the corner, his hands cuffed behind his back.  We
    are in a security station filled with surveillance monitors
    offering various views of the laboratory complex.

                        WHISTLER
                Not nearly enough, Fritz.

                        REINHARDT
                Keep talking, warmblood.

    Reinhardt KICKS Whistler in the face.

                        REINHARDT (CONT'D)
                When I'm through with you, you'll be
                begging for a dirt nap.

    Whistler spits blood and glares up at Reinhardt.

                        WHISTLER
                Been dead before.  Didn't much cotton to
                it.  Tell you what, chicken shit.  You
                do your worst.  We'll settle up after.

                                                            CUT TO:

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - EUGENICS CHAMBER - NIGHT

    Nyssa stands before the banks of vampire embryos, clearly
    troubled.  Damaskinos regards her.

                        DAMASKINOS
                    (vampire dialect; subtitled)
                My child --

    Damaskinos moves in close to her, running a finger along her
    throat.  She doesn't acknowledge it.

                        DAMASKINOS (CONT'D)
                    (in English)
                I would hate to think you were losing
                your perspective.  Who do you think God
                favors in the web?  The spider or the
                fly?

                        NYSSA
                Nomak said something to Blade in Greek.
                Athelfiki singenia ex amato.  Where did
                he learn that?

                        DAMASKINOS
                From his father, of course.

                        NYSSA
                    (horrified)
                You experimented on your own, son?

    Damaskinos slowly tightens his hand around Nyssa's throat.

                        DAMASKINOS
                I have fathered thousands of children in
                centuries since I first walked this
                earth.  Make no mistake, Nyssa.  Those
                blood-ties mean nothing to me when
                measured against the ascendancy of our
                race.  Nothing.
                    (giving her an extra squeeze)
                If you have any interest in remaining
                alive, you would do well to remember
                that.

    Damaskinos releases Nyssa.  She falls, GASPING for breath.
    He stares down at her with disdain, then exits.

                                                            CUT TO:


    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - AUTOPSY ROOM - NIGHT

    Damaskinos enters, followed by Carter Stevens.  The guards
    remain posted at the main entrance of the room.  Damaskinos
    approaches, looking down at Blade.

    Blade stares back at him, still defiant, but fighting a
    losing battle.  He's dying and he knows it.  His breathing is
    shallow.  It's an effort just to keep his eyes open.

                        DAMASKINOS
                With every century, humans become more
                repulsive to me.  Once, you were souls
                to be taken, corrupted.  But you have
                disgraced yourselves to being nothing
                more than blood and meat.

    TWO SURGEONS snap on surgical gloves.  Stevens is enjoying
    seeing Blade helpless.

                        STEVENS
                We're going to harvest you, Blade.
                    (injecting fluid into Blade)
                Bone marrow, organs, everything.  Your
                tissue's too valuable to let go to
                waste.

                        BLADE
                    (weakly)
                Nomak is still out there.

                        DAMASKINOS
                True, but thanks to you, we know his
                weakness.  We can keep him contained.
                It's just a matter of time before we
                hunt him down.

                        BLADE
                Too bad you're out of it.

    Damaskinos is amused by Blade's seeming lack of concern.

                        DAMASKINOS
                And why is that?

                        BLADE
                Revenge.  That's what Nomak wanted all
                along.  To pay back the people who
                created him.

                        STEVENS
                You may be right.  Fortunately for us,
                he has no idea where this facility is
                located.

    Blade smiles, laughing tiredly.

                        BLADE
                He does now.
                    (off their concerned looks)
                He's been watching me since the tunnels.
                Following me.  I led him right to you.

    Blade lifts up his hand, unfurling his previously closed
    fist.  There is a deep gash in his palms.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                Just like a trail of bread crumbs.

    Damaskinos stares at Blade's hand, then looks to the floor.
    A line of blood droplets lead back to the doors through which
    he entered.

                                                            CUT TO:

    A SERIES OF QUICK SHOTS

    Various hallways, the helipad outside Caliban industries,
    etc.  In rapid succession, we SEE more TRAILS OF BLOOD
    DROPLETS.  Then, just as quickly, we are back --

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - AUTOPSY ROOM - NIGHT

    With Damaskinos and company.  Suddenly, the lights above them
    flicker then go out.  As emergency lights kick on --

    BANG!  BANG!BANG!BANG!  All eyes turn towards a steel
    security door which is shuddering -- bulging and bending
    inwards as Nomak throws himself against it.

    Damaskinos looks to a bank of security monitors which are
    flickering back to life now.  We see Nomak's blurred
    silhouette from various angles, pummeling the door.  Then --

    RIPPPPPP!!!  A portion of the door is clawed open and we see
    a glimpse of Nomak's SNARLING FACE.

                        NOMAK
                    (roaring)
                FATHER!

    Damaskinos' eyes widen in terror as he stumbles backwards,
    activating an ALARM.  He looks to the guards, SCREAMING.

                        DAMASKINOS
                Stop him!

    Damaskinos runs for his life, rushing out the opposite door,
    quickly followed by Stevens as we --

                                                            CUT TO:

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - CORRIDOR - NIGHT

    Nyssa hears the ALARMS and moves into a corridor lit by red,
    strobing emergency lights.  VAMPIRE GUARDS are rushing past.

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - SECURITY ROOM - NIGHT

    Reinhardt also hears the ALARMS.  He looks to the
    surveillance monitors where he SEES Nomak.

                        REINHARDT
                Shit!

    Behind him, we see Whistler taking advantage of the
    distraction.  He folds his legs up under him, working his
    cuffed hands over his feet.  When Reinhardt spins back away
    from the security monitors --

    Whistler is GONE.  A steel grating in the floor lies half
    open.  The obvious means of exit.

                                                            CUT TO:

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - AUTOPSY ROOM - NIGHT

    As Nomak continues tearing down the autopsy door, BULLETS
    hammer into his back.  He turns, sees a DOZEN GUARDS FIRING
    at him, their gunfire chewing the shit out of the concrete
    walls around him.  Nomak staggers, but doesn't go down as
    CLEAR BLOOD sprays from the body hits.

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - MAINTENANCE CONDUIT - NIGHT

    Whistler shuffles forward through the narrow conduit on his
    elbows.  We hear footsteps.  Through the metal gratings
    above, we glimpse TWO FIGURES rushing past --

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - ANOTHER CORRIDOR - NIGHT

    Damaskinos and Stevens round a corner, spilling into several
    GUARDS.  He shoves his fellow vampires aside.

                        DAMASKINOS
                Get out of the way.

                                                            CUT TO:

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - AUTOPSY ROOM - NIGHT

    CLOSE ON a grate moving up from the floor.  Whistler emerges,
    rushing to Blade's side.  As he starts frantically releasing
    Blade from his bonds, he looks to the ravaged door --

    WHISTLER'S POV (THROUGH THE V-SHAPED GAP IN DOOR)

    Nomak savages the guards, flinging them into the air.  A
    guard's body hits the V-gap in the door and obscures our view
    as --

    Whistler redoubles his efforts, finally freeing Blade.  He
    helps him from the autopsy table.  Blade is sinking, starting
    to fade.  Whistler slaps his face, shaking him.

                        WHISTLER
                Come on, Blade.  Talk to me!

                        BLADE
                    (weakly)
                Blood...

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - AUTOPSY ROOM HALLWAY - NIGHT

    Carnage.  A frazetta painting come to life.  Nomak atop dead
    guards, draining the last of his victims' blood.  He whips
    his face in our direction and ROARS, charging the door --

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - AUTOPSY ROOM - NIGHT

    WHAM!  The door gives way and Nomak enters.  To the right, he
    SEES Whistler and Blade exiting.  To the left, he SEES the
    security monitors.  Damaskinos and Stevens can be glimpsed in
    one of these monitors.

    Nomak moves to the left.

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - THIRD CORRIDOR - NIGHT

    Blade clutches his bleeding side, staggering down the
    corridor towards a door marked "Eugenics" with Whistler's
    help.  By all rights, Blade should be dead.  But he continues
    on, moving towards the door with determination.

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - 4-WAY INTERSECTION - NIGHT

    CLOSE ON a hand twisting a safety lever on the floor.  PULL
    BACK to reveal Stevens manually activating a series of
    hydraulic lock-down latches.

    CHINK!CHINK!CHINK!  The doors of the Eastern, Northern, and
    Western corridors are sealing, lock-down latches clamping
    down for extra security.  Even as the Western door seals, we
    glimpse Nomak rushing towards it with inhuman speed.

    ON STEVENS

    panicked, turning towards the open elevator cab where --

    DAMASKINOS

    is waiting.  But even as Stevens starts towards the elevator,
    Damaskinos dispassionately presses the "CLOSE DOOR" button.

                        STEVENS
                What are you doing?!!

    Stevens rushes towards the closing elevator doors, but it's
    too late.  He pounds his fist against them.  Behind him, we
    hear a terrible RENDING OF METAL as the Western door gives.
    Stevens looks in that direction --

    In an eyeblink, Nomak is upon him, SLAMMING his hand over
    Stevens' face, crushing it.

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - ELEVATOR CAB - NIGHT

    As Damaskinos slides a security card through a reader and
    punches in a code, a thin SPRAY OF BLOOD jets across his pale
    forearm.  He looks to the elevator doors.  The spray of blood
    is coming through the vertical door seal.  The metal doors
    SHUDDER violently and then the cab begins to ascend.
    Damaskinos retreats to the far corner of the elevator,
    breathing a sigh of relief.

                                                            CUT TO:

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - EUGENICS CHAMBER - NIGHT

    WHOOSH!  A pneumatic door slides open.  Blade and Whistler
    enter.  They are on the second level now, up amongst the
    catwalks.  Below them is the churning cask of purified blood.
    They have almost reached the end of the catwalk when --

    REINHARDT AND HIS MEN

    converge on the lab from two directions at once.  Some of the
    vampires spill through the door on the second level with
    Reinhardt, while others enter on the ground floor.

                        REINHARDT
                Stop him!!!

    As Reinhardt takes aim at Blade with the shotgun, the other
    vampires FIRE.  Whistler is HIT in the leg.  He goes down,
    CRYING OUT, then grips Blade's arm, shoving him onward --

                        WHISTLER
                GO!!!

    ON BLADE

    gripping the guard rail for support, dragging himself along.
    Reinhardt fires.  A SHOTGUN BLAST hits Blade, grazing him but
    otherwise missing him.  As Reinhardt curses and prepares to
    fire again --

    Blade makes it to the end of the catwalk, pitching himself
    out into open space.  Time slows to a crawl as Blade tumbles
    downward, plummeting into --

    THE BLOOD CASK BELOW

    Blade sinks from view, disappearing beneath the churning
    slurry of crimson.  A beat passes as Reinhardt and his men
    draw closer, apprehensive.  Then, an explosion of BLOOD
    gushes over Reinhardt and the others.  They fall backwards,
    blinded, slipping --

    BLADE

    surfaces from the cask in morbidly glorious slow-motion.
    Think of Sheen in the end-sequence of Apocalypse Now, only
    instead of a river of mud, Blade is covered head-to-toe in
    crimson.  Majestic and glistening.  A primordial god.  He
    rears back his head, letting loose a triumphal ROAR.

    Reinhardt's men hesitate.  One look at Blade's eyes and we
    can see he's tapped into a well-spring of fury even he never
    knew he had.  The man is super-charged and ready for war.

    Blade tears into the vampires, unleashing a blizzard of
    martial arts moves.  He powers a right hook into the first
    vampire's face, then pivots, launching a devastating spinning
    back-fist into the face of a second.  At the same time, he
    rips the second guard's security belt from his waist,
    twirling it around nanchadku-style to blind a third guard and
    capture the wrist of a fourth.

    Some vampires FIRE their guns, but Blade is a whirlwind,
    shifting and dodging.  BULLETS go wild, hitting circuitry,
    EXPLODING APART cannisters of combustible chemicals.  In
    seconds, FLAMES are licking across the laboratory floor.

    Blade drops, causing a pair of vampires to FIRE their guns at
    one another.

    Then Blade knocks two more vampires onto their asses with a
    foot sweep.  Then he's up again.  Slamming the bridge of a
    fifth vampire's nose into his brain with a palm heel strike.

    A snap kick, an overhand elbow strike, a knee stamp that
    shatter's the vampire's knee cap.  An upward block, a jab, a
    cross, a shin kick aimed at a vamp's quadriceps.

    Overhand punches, rising punches, parallel punches, spinning
    rear elbows, deep kicks, on and on and on and on in an orgy
    of super-hero violence until --

    WHAM!  Blade cuts the last of the vampire soldiers down,
    turning from the creature's disintegrating body to face --

    REINHARDT

    The vampire mercenary clutches Blade's sword in his hand, but
    the weapon provides him with little sense of security given
    that he's just seen a dozen of his men slaughtered.  The
    automatic sprinkler system is on now, spraying water down
    upon Blade and Reinhardt alike.  Blade advances.

    Reinhardt's been cornered.  There's nowhere else for him to
    run.  Refusing to be cowed, Reinhardt SCREAMS and brings the
    sword down at Blade's head when WHOOSH --

    But Blade swings his hands upward, slapping them on either
    side of the blade, trapping the sword on its downward arc.

    Reinhardt strains, trying to tear the sword away from Blade's
    grip.  The vampire's eyes widen in fear.  And during that
    split-second in which the two men are frozen, connected by
    the weapon which vibrates between them, Blade says:

                        BLADE
                Tell me something, chief.  Can you
                blush?

    TWHISH!  The sword twists free from Reinhardt's grasp,
    spinning upward into the air.  Reinhardt stumbles backwards
    against the blood cask railing as --

    Blade catches the sword on its way down, swinging it around
    in one fluid motion, slicing Reinhardt's torso in half, along
    with a diagonal axis!  Reinhardt sinks to his knees as the
    TWO HALVES split apart, turning to ash before they hit floor.

    Beat.  Blade stands beneath the spray of the overhead
    sprinklers, rinsing the blood from his body.  He turns
    towards the exit, sword in hand.

                                                            CUT TO:

    INT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - LOBBY - NIGHT

    A set of elevator doors open, disgorging Damaskinos.  Beyond
    the lobby windows we can SEE a waiting helicopter, VAMPIRE
    SOLDIERS readying it for take-off.  Damaskinos rushes across
    the lobby and is almost at the exit when --

    CHUNK!CHUNK!CHUNK! A series of steel shutters slam down over
    the doors and windows.  Damaskinos tries to tug one of the
    shutters upwards, then moves to a keypad nearby.  He starts
    hurriedly tapping in a numeric sequence when we hear:

                        NYSSA (O.S.)
                I overrode the security codes.

    Damaskinos spins around.  Nyssa stands behind him.  She's got
    Whistler's rail-gun in her hands.

                        NYSSA (CONT'D)
                We're locked in.

                        DAMASKINOS
                Are you insane?  He'll kill us both!

                        NYSSA
                Maybe it's better that way.

    AS if in response, a GRINDING SHUDDER comes from the elevator
    doors.  Damaskinos spins in wide-eyed horror, then --

                        BLADE (O.S.)
                What's it going to be, Damaskinos?
                Thiavolos.  The devil you know --

    BLADE

    enters the lobby from a mezzanine above, sword in hand.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                -- or the devil you don't?

    Damaskinos turns back to his daughter, making a last appeal.

                        DAMASKINOS
                    (vampire dialect; subtitled)
                For God's sake, Nyssa!  Let us out of
                here!

    WHAM!WHAM!WHAM!  Nomak pounds away.  The elevator doors are
    starting to buckle, then they tear apart completely --

    NOMAK

    bursts into the lobby, ROARING.  If anything, he is even more
    animalistic now, his features having become grossly
    distorted.

                        NOMAK
                    (in vampire dialect)
                Why are you frightened, father?  The
                prodigal son has returned.

    Damaskinos scurries backwards, but there's nowhere left to
    run.  Nomak descends on him, lifting the vampire into a rib
    crushing embrace, chomping his elongated canines into
    Damaskinos' throat.

    Damaskinos SQUEALS like a child as his life-blood is sucked
    out of him.  His body begins to cave inward, shrinking and
    twisting until there's nothing left but shriveled husk.

    Nyssa hefts the rail-gun and FIRES at Nomak's back.  Nomak
    HOWLS, releasing Damaskinos' body, then turns, focusing his
    blood-drunk gaze on Nomak.

                        BLADE
                    (alarmed)
                Get out of here!

    But Nyssa stands her ground, rachetting back the slide on the
    rail-gun, readying to unleash another barrage of needles.
    Nomak CHARGES, moving at unbelievable speed.  She FIRES
    AGAIN, aiming at Nomak's chest --

    but then Nomak is upon her.  He slaps the rail-gun from her
    hands, SMASHING IT TO PIECES.
    Then he wraps his hand around her throat, pulling her
    forward, sinking his teeth into her neck.  Nyssa SCREAMS.

                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                Nyssa!!!

    ON BLADE

    as he leaps from the mezzanine level, sword extended, like
    Beowulf diving to slay Grendel.  He PLUNGES the sword deep
    into Nomak's upper torso.  Then DRIVES it in even further --

    Nomak releases Nyssa and back-hands Blade across the face,
    sending him sailing through the air.  He lands, skids across
    the floor --

    ON NOMAK

    stumbling backwards into the wall.  The sword has sunk so
    deep that the tip is actually protruding out his back,
    SCRAPING a gash across the wall as Nomak slides towards the
    floor.

    Nomak GRUNTS, then reaches for the pomeel with his ruined
    hand.  He grips the pommel and SNAPS the sword-blade in half.
    Then he SLAMS against the wall, forcing the half of the
    broken blade that's still embedded in him out back through
    the front of his chest.  As Nomak rises to his feet --

    Blade is on him again, snap-kicking the Reaper in the chest.
    Nomak retaliates.  Blade somersaults out of the way, then
    springs back again, KICKING Nomak in the face, BREAKING
    Nomak's NECK.  Nomak's head lolls unnaturally sideways for a
    heartbeat and then Nomak swings his head around, somehow
    righting his neck vertebrae with a snap of his head.

    They trade blows, a brutal death-match that seems to defy
    gravity.  Blade moves in for a round-house punch, but Nomak
    catches his fist, holding it for a split-second, then bending
    Blade's hand at an unnatural angle, SNAPPING his wrist bones.
    The pain is enormous.

    Nomak starts beating the living shit out of Blade, pummeling
    him with his fists, gripped by an uncontrollable rage.  He
    SMASHES Blade against a marble column, cracking it.  Then he
    flings Blade against one of the brushed steel walls - so hard
    that Blade's body actually leaves an indentation.

    Before Blade can recover, Nomak is in front of him, launching
    another kick.  Blade rolls his head out of the way, barely
    avoiding Nomak's boot heel which dents the wall.  Nomak kicks
    a second time.  Blade avoids Nomak, but third time's the
    charm and Nomak lands one squarely in Blade's gut.
    Blade falls beneath a flurry of blows, unable to defend
    himself any longer.  Blood stains his eyes, obscuring his
    vision.  He strikes out blindly, but Nomak has forced him to
    the ground, pinning him there.  As Blade struggles to free
    himself --

    NOMAK

    lowers his head towards Blade's face.  The scar/seam in
    Nomak's chin splits open and Nomak's lower jaw flares apart,
    distending and widening to reveal the awful, glistening hell
    maw -- the hollow inner fangs and striated cartilage which
    are closing about Blade's face.  Blade twists his head
    violently to the right, then glimpses the broken tip of his
    sword resting a few feet away.  He reaches for it in
    desperation, plunging it up into Nomak's chest.  Nomak HOWLS.
    Because the hilt has been broken off, Blade is forced to grip
    the cutting edge of the weapon with his bare hands.  It
    slices into his fingers --

    but Blade just grips the broken sword tighter, ignoring the
    pain, driving it deeper and deeper -- until, suddenly, it
    penetrates the cartilaginous shell around Nomak's heart and --

                        NOMAK
                    (in vampire dialect)
                Blood brother.

    Nomak smiles, covering Blade's hands with his own.  He looks
    blade in the eye, then drives the broken sword home.

    Nomak's body stiffens, his eyes grow unseeing, an oddly
    serene look spreading across his tortured face.  A patch of
    BLACKNESS begins radiating outward from his chest, moving
    over his body, carbonizing him from within.  As his blackened
    flesh begins to crack, BLUE FLAMES flicker out from the
    fissures.  In seconds, Nomak is gone.

    Beat.  Blade stands, exhausted.  Then he looks to where Nyssa
    rests.  He moves to her side, kneeling beside her.  She
    smiles up at him, bravely, but frightened all the same.
    Blade inspects the wound on her neck.  It's clearly fatal.

                        NYSSA
                How does it look?

                        BLADE
                    (with genuine sadness)
                Not good.

    Nyssa nods.  Blade has only confirmed her existing fears.

                        NYSSA
                It won't be long now.  I can already
                feel it burning inside me --

    She grips Blade's arm, her eyes welling with tears.

                        NYSSA (CONT'D)
                I don't want to become what Nomak was --
                    (beat; straining)
                I can't.  I want to die while I'm still
                vampire.

    Blade sighs.  The burden is all to familiar to him.

                        BLADE
                What do you want me to do?

                        NYSSA
                I want to see the sun rise.

    ON BLADE

    his face a mask of sad resignation.  He lifts Nyssa into his
    arms.  She closes her eyes, resting her head on his chest.

    EXT. CALIBAN INDUSTRIES - JUST BEFORE DAWN

    The shutters over the doors and windows slowly rise.  Blade
    shoulders open the front door, moving across the lawn towards
    a bluff overlooking the ocean.  A moment later, Whistler
    emerges into the light, watching as Blade sets Nysa down on
    the grass.  Her eyes flutter open and she looks into --

    THE HORIZON

    where the faintest glimmer of pre-dawn light brightens the
    cloud-swept sky.  It's peaceful.  We can hear the SURF
    crashing on the shore below.

    Together they wait.

    A GLIMMER OF LIGHT emerges over the earth's curvature,
    spreading its dazzling radiance out across the skyline.
    Nyssa's eyes widen in expectation, her breath catching.  She
    looks up at Blade, stroking his face, smiling.

                        NYSSA
                Each day is a little life.  Remember?

    Blade nods, he's strong for her.  Despite his best efforts, a
    tear slides down his cheek.  They kiss then as the sun rises
    in full glory, flooding the world with its brilliance.

    Blade holds Nyssa tightly to his chest, refusing to
    relinquish his grip as her body catches fire.  The end is
    blessedly quick -- not a slow-burn of blazing agony, but a
    nearly seamless transition from life --

    To ash...  Nyssa collapses apart in Blade's arms, billowing
    out around him in a cloud of glowing embers.  One moment
    she's there, the next she's gone.  Blade remains where he is,
    kneeling on the bluff, the wind carrying the last traces of
    Nyssa aloft into the sky.  He shuts his eyes.  Turns his face
    to the warmth of the sun, surrendering himself to acceptance.

    WE RISE UP

    isolating Blade alone on the windswept bluff.  After a
    moment, Whistler moves to Blade's side.  He rests a hand on
    Blade's shoulder, but doesn't say a word.  We keep moving up
    and up until the two of them are just a pair of tiny figures
    on the rolling coastline.  Then we --

                                                    DISSOLVE TO:

    A SERIES OF CLOSEUPS

    Images of a weapon being forged, all filtered through
    shimmering convection waves of intense heat.  We SEE a HAMMER
    CLANGING DOWN.  The FIRES of a ROARING furnace.  SPARKS
    showering up from titanium slowly being given shape.  Molten
    silver.  Acid etching.  And then we PULL BACK to reveal --

    INT. BLADE'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT

    Blade works before a forge by moonlight, his body dripping
    with sweat.  He slips his hand in a protective glove and
    grips the red-hot weapon, dousing it in a quench bucket.  As
    a cloud of steam envelops Blade, he lifts it up for view.

    A NEW SWORD

    perfect.  Lethal.  Wrought from titanium, plated in sliver.
    As Blade inspects the sword, we hear his earlier words again:

                        BLADE (V.O.)
                I am a hunter.  A weapon.  It's what I
                do.  It's in my blood...

    Satisfied with his work, Blade smiles --

    EXT. FUCKINGHAM PALACE - NIGHT

    A shit-hole porno emporium offering the latest in bagged-for
    your-pleasure Euro-raunch.

    INT. FUCKINGHAM PALACE - NIGHT

    Rush, the vampire brother wanna-be from the opening of the
    film, is up at the register, exchanging a twenty for a
    handful of tokens.  He's humming along to that old E-Rotic
    song "Voulez-vous couchez avec moi".

                        RUSH
                -- yelling for your tender touch, you
                can never get enough --

    We FOLLOW HIM down a hall lined with video booths, serenaded
    all the while by the cheesy SYNTH SOUNDTRACKS and faked
    ORGASMOGROANS coming from beyond the doors.

                        RUSH (CONT'D)
                -- cover me with your love --

    Rush stops at "Buddy Booth No. 3 - HOT ONE-ON-ONE ACTION."

    INT. BUDDY BOOTH - NIGHT

    Rush steps inside.  There's a chair set in front of a
    Plexiglas window, an intercom with a phone receiver, box of
    Kleenex, and a slot for the tokens.

    Rush gets himself situated, picks up the receiver, then
    eagerly pops some tokens in the slot.

                        RUSH
                Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir!
                Voulez-vous coucher AVEC MOI!!!

    With a HUM, the screen in front of the window rises, offering
    us a view of the booth on the other side of the Plexiglas.
    Only instead of a skanked out booth girl, Rush finds himself
    staring in open-mouthed astonishment at --

    BLADE

    Who flashes an evil smile at us.

                        BLADE
                What?  You think I forgot about you?

    In a near blur, Blade draws his new sword from his back
    scabbard and stabs it RIGHT INTO CAMERA, SMASHING apart the
    Plexiglas window as we --

                                                    FADE TO BLACK.

Over darkness a WOMAN'S VOICE speaks to us.


                        ABIGAIL (V.0.)
                Italo Calvino once said that myth is the
                hidden part of every story, the buried
                part, the region that is still unexplored
                because there are as yet no words to
                enable us to get there.
                    (beat)
                But I was there for the end.  I took part
                in it.  And I think my words can help shed
                light on what happened.  My name is
                Abigail.  This is our story.


    FADE IN:


    EXT. IRAQI DESERT - DAWN


    Harsh sunlight beats down over a bleak, unforgiving stretch of
    rocky desert.  Amidst this desolation rise the ruins of an
    ancient Sumerian ziggurat, a massive stepped pyramid of mud
    brick that was once the center of the city known as Ur.


    SUPER TITLE:	SOUTHEASTERN IRAQ, DHI QAR PROVINCE


                            SIX MONTHS AGO


    AN EMACIATED SHEEP HERDER


    kneels by the ziggurat, tending to a ragged band of sheep.  He
    is conducting the first of his daily prayers, listening to a
    religious broadcast from Baghdad on a tinny RADIO.


    Presently, we hear HELICOPTERS.  The sheepherder looks up --


    TWO ANERICAN RAH-66 COMANCHE HELICOPTERS


    approach from the East.  They touch down near the base of the
    ziggurat, rotors stirring up clouds of dust.


    FOUR FIGURES


    disembark, their bodies covered in desert camo-gear.  They
    wear helmets with polarized face-plates and are armed to the
    teeth.  To the sheepherder they might as well be aliens.


    One of the figures turns to the East.  We can see the rising
    sun reflected in the face-plate of his helmet -- and a hint of
    a skull-like under-mask/respirator beneath the face-plate. He
    raises a gloved hand, gives the "finger" to the new day.


    Another figure (a woman) waves a hand, urging them onward.
    They mount the central steps of the ziggurat.


    INT. ZIGGURAT - SHRINE - DAY


    The shrine is empty.  The woman activates a wearable computing
    device, calling up a schematic of the ziggurat.


    She kneels, studying the floor.  In the corner of the room she
    identifies a particular brick and presses it.  We hear hidden
    COUNTER-WEIGHTS shifting and the floor opens up --


    -- revealing a stone stairway leading down.


    INT. ZIGGURAT - STAIRWAY - DAY


    Dark.  Sepulchral.  Spooky.  The figures descend into --


    INT. ZIGGURAT - BURIAL VAULT - DAY


    -- an empty room with an earthen floor.  The sunlight from
    above barely penetrates down here.  One of the figures takes
    out a battery--powered lantern, turning it on, illuminating --


    -- walls covered with CUNEIFORM WRITING.  The male figure who
    flipped off the sun speaks via radio headset.


                        MALE FIGURE
                That's great. We've got dick.
                    (turning to the others)
                Is there any reason we had to embark on
                this cluster-fuck during the day?


    The woman removes her helmet.  This is DANICA TALOS.  A
    vampire.  Intense, appearing to be in her 30s.  Possessing a
    regal air.  She wears a silver crucifix around her neck.


                        DANICA
                Night-time's too tricky, Grimwood. You
                know that.


    One by one, the others remove their helmets.  All vampires:


    GRIMWOOD (30s), a hulking vampire with an imposing physique
    and an even more imposing set of surgical steel teeth/fangs.


    ASHER (4Os), a natural-born leader with easygoing charisma.


    WOLFE (30s), quiet and deliberative.  Right now he's readying
    a portable ground-penetrating radar unit.


    Grimwood studies the writing on the walls.


                        GRIMWOOD
                What is this chicken-scratch?


                        DANICA
                Cuneiform. Dates back about four
                thousand years.


                        GRIMWOOD
                So why here?


                        DANICA
                Because this was the cradle of
                civilization.  He would've been
                comfortable here.


                        ASHER
                I don't know, Dan.  Seems like another
                dead-end.


                        WOLFE
                I'm not so sure --


    Wolfe looks at his unit, excited.  The others gather round.


                        WOLFE
                There's something beneath us.


    ON WOLFE'S RADAR UNIT


    We see a cross-section image of the soil and subsurface
    features beneath them.  SOMETHING has been buried down there.


                        ASHER
                Is that a body --?


    Wolfe makes a few adjustments on the unit.  The image resolves
    further.  It's definitely a BODY.  Then, we hear the low
    RUMBLING of more hidden counter-weights and --


    A SLAB OF STONE


    slides down from above the stairs, sealing off the vault.


                        GRIMWOOD
                What the fuck --?!


    Grimwood pounds his fist against the stone.  It's solid.  He
    tries to find a hand-hold, tries to shoulder it open in some
    way, but the barrier is unmovable.  They're trapped.


                        ASHER
                Radio back-up.  See if they can open it
                from the other --


                        WOLFE (0.S.)
                Guys?


    Wolfe points at the ground.  A tiny depression has formed,
    with sand funneling into it.


    Wolfe sets his radar unit down and kneels before the hole. 
    The grains of sand are falling faster now, the depression
    gradually widening.  Curious, Wolfe leans closer --


    A CLAWED, ARMORED HAND


    suddenly EXPLODES upward from the ground.  It latches onto
    Wolfe's neck.  dragging him down head-first!


    Wolfe THRASHES, his head still buried beneath the sand.  He
    knocks over the lantern, which FLICKERS, shorting out.


    Asher rushes to Wolfe's side.  Then Grimwood.  They grab Wolfe
    by the shoulders, SCREAMING, trying to pull him back.


    Asher is KICKED by Wolfe's thrashing legs.  He flies upward,
    hits the ceiling, falls back onto the ground, stunned --


    Danica joins Grimwood.  Abruptly, they wrest Wolfe free --
    headless.  BLOOD erupts from the sand.  Then --


    A HELLISH CREATURE


    unearths itself, ROARING.  It's difficult to make out in the
    flickering light.  But what we do see is terrifying.  Spiked,
    demonic armor, clutching a sword.  An elongated, helmeted face
    with a blood-splattered set of hinged fangs -- hinting at an
    inhuman physiognomy within.  The hinged jaws open, coming at
    us.  And just as the lantern goes out for good we --


    SUPER TITLE:	BLADE III


                                                            CUT TO:


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - CORRIDOR - NIGHT


    Danica moves down a modern architectural corridor lined in
    glass and steel.  VAMPIRE SOLDIERS stand ready nearby,
    outfitted in body armor, clutching automatic rifles.


    AT THE END OF THE CORRIDOR


    Asher, Grirnwood, and another vampire, HENDRIX are gathered by
    a titanium door outfitted with a biometric security system.


    Danica joins them, studying a VIDEO MONITOR which offers a
    darkened view of the interior of the vault.  We can just make
    out a FIGURE sitting there in the shadows.


                        DANICA
                What's he been doing?


                        ASHER
                Nothing.  Just sitting there since we
                brought him here.


                        HENDRIX
                    (nervously)
                Do you think we've got enough security?


                        DANICA
                Hendrix, if he wanted to out of there -
                there isn't an army in the world that
                could keep us safe.  We didn't capture
                him.  He allowed us to take him in.  You
                understand?
                    (nodding to the door)
                Now open up.


    The others look at her like she's insane.  Nevertheless,
    Danica places her hand on the biometric scanner.  Hendrix keys
    in a series of commands on a nearby computer console.  The
    vault doors open with a HUM, allowing Danica into --


    AN AIRLOCK-STYLE VESTIBULE


    She steps inside.  The vault closes behind her.  We hear
    BLOWERS as the air is cycled.  A SECOND SET OF DOORS open --


    INT. VAMPIRE SAFE HOUSE - CELL - NIGHT


    Danica steps into a nearly pitch-black "clean room".  We hear
    BREATHING.  Despite her calm demeanor, she's frightened.


    From the darkness, SOMEONE SPEAKS -- a voice low and rumbling,
    laced with an ominous gravity.


                        VOICE (O.S.)
                Why have you woken me?


                        DANICA
                Your people need you, Sire.


    She kneels, bowing her head.


                        VOICE (0.S.)
                    (mocking)
                "My people".  You think I'm your messiah?
                Your Savior?


    We hear MOVEMENT.  A pair of RED EYES pierce the gloom -- and
    God help us, even though he remains partially shadowed, this
    guy has to be the scariest mother-fucker we've ever seen.


                        VOICE
                What makes you think I wanted to be
                brought back?


    A hand emerges from the darkness, armored.  Danica wants to
    bolt.  Instead, she fights to keep herself from flinching as a
    taloned finger brushes her throat.


                        DANICA
                Times have changed.  Science has made
                great strides.  Your blood, the sacrament
                you provide -- it can set us free now.


                        VOICE
                I see.  And the one I killed earlier?  He
                was vampire?
                    (off her nod)
                You must forgive me.  It had been
                centuries since I last fed.


                        DANICA
                I understand.


                        VOICE
                Then offer yourself to me, child --
                    (lifting her chin)
                -- and let me quench my thirst again.


    INT. VAMPIRE SAFE HOUSE - CORRIDOR - NIGHT


    WHOOSH!  The vault doors open and Danica stumbles out, all but
    falling into Asher's arms.  She's bone-white and there are
    fresh BITE MARKS on her throat, BLOOD staining her shirt.


                        ASKER
                Danica!  Are you alright --?!


    She nods, shaking, struggling to recompose herself.


                        DANICA
                Let him out -- he wants to see what's
                become of his world.


                                                            CUT TO:


    A VIDEO MONITOR


    LARRY KING launching into the intro of his show.


                        LARRY
                Tonight, Dr. Edgar Vance, forensic
                psychiatrist and author of the New York
                Times best seller "Human Health: The Whole
                Being Breakthrough".  Also with us is
                Martin Vreede, Chief of Police.  They're
                here for an hour and they'll take your
                calls.  Next on Larry King Live.


    INT. LARRY KING LIVE - STUDIO - NIGHT


    Taping is underway.  Larry King sits at his desk opposite
    EDGAR VANCE (40s), a smooth-talking pundit with a magnetic
    demeanor and movie star good looks.  CHIEF MARTIN VREEDE (50s,
    square-jawed), joins via remote feed.


                        LARRY
                Dr. Vance -- you're a psychiatrist and a
                biochemist, isn't that right?


                        VANCE
                Yes.  I've long believed that in order to
                achieve true health, we have to reconcile
                the body and the mind.  Of course that
                also requires letting go of a lot of our
                old notions and superstitions, which is
                what my work is all about.


                        LARRY
                Let's talk about that.  How do you account
                for the fascination with things that go
                bump in the night?  Movies, books,
                videogames -- seems like we can't get
                enough of our boogeymen?


    Vance leans forward, skillfully playing to the cameras.


                        VANCE
                Monsters provide a means for us to
                transfer our more primal and darker urges
                into something external.  In the case of
                vampires, you're dealing with taboo issues
                like predatory rage and sexual sadism. 
                These are scary subjects for people to own
                up to.


                        LARRY
                So we pass the buck to someone else?


                        VANCE
                Exactly.  Historically, people suffering
                from medical conditions have always been
                our psychological scapegoats.  In the
                Middle Ages schizophrenia was often
                attributed to demonic possession.


                        LARRY
                And vampires?


                        VANCE
                Well, there's a hereditary blood disease
                known as porphyria that has symptoms
                remarkably similar to the classic vampiric
                traits.  People suffering from this
                disease are anemic, they become sensitive
                to sunlight, they can't tolerate garlic --


                        LARRY
                Which is too bad, since my doctor tells me
                that's good for the heart.
                    (turning to Chief Vreede)
                Chief Vreede?  What's your take on all the
                recent rumors we've been hearing about
                vampires?


                        VREEDE
                The only vampires I'm worried about are
                the ones passing the bar exam.
                    (laughing)
                Seriously, if vampires existed, don't you
                think we'd be on to them by now?  The
                truth is, our streets have never been
                safer.  Homicides, assaults -- violent
                crime is down across the board.  If people
                want to be concerned, they should focus on
                criminals like Blade.


                        LARRY
                Now who's this?  Tell me about him.


                        VREEDE
                He's a sociopath we've been pursuing.


                        VANCE
                Blade is a very disturbed individual. 
                Even the name he's chosen for himself is
                troubling.  According to witnesses, he
                operates under the belief that a vast
                conspiracy of vampires live amongst us. 
                You have to look at the psychiatric
                underpinnings here.  What does a person
                like Blade really want? 
                Odds are, he's really trying to work out
                some kind of inner trauma.  He thinks he's
                slaying monsters, but he's really trying
                to murder aspects of himself.


    The sound of GUNFIRE pre-laps over from the next scene as we --


                                                            CUT TO:


    EXT. MACHINE SHOP/PARKING LOT - NIGHT


    -- a MASSIVE EXPLOSION ripping through an industrial building. 
    Banks of windows BLOW OUTWARDS, FIRE ROlLS, brick walls
    CRUMBLE, raining debris everywhere.


    A SCREAMING, BURNING MAN


    goes tumbling into the night air.  Buoyed by the explosion,
    his body flies upward, trailing fire like a human comet.


    MORE MEN (VAMPIRES) race out, some of them on fire.


    CLOSER


    as a FORMIDABLE FIGURE resolves out of the swirling flames. 
    It's Blade, striding towards us in slow-motion, body bristling
    with weapons, the exaggerated sounds of his FOOTFALLS ringing
    out like drums of doom.


    He looks like the God of War.  WHOOSH!  We ramp back up to
    real-time.  Then faster as --


    -- a TRIO OF VAMPIRE LOW-LIFES (STONE, GEDGE, and CAMPBELL)
    run for their lives towards their vehicles.  TWO MODIFIED
    STREET RACING CARS are pulling out; a Mustang and an Eagle
    Talon.  Gedge is climbing into the Talon even as it starts to
    move, pulling the door shut.  At the same time --


    -- Stone and Campbell climb atop two stretched and lowered
    hardtail chopper cycles.  Blade starts forward, drawing two of
    his custom MACH pistols, but --


    --	the Mustang comes SCREAMING IN REVERSE TOWARDS him!


    Blade makes a SUPER-HUMAN LEAP over the speeding car. 
    Momentarily upside down, he FIRES through the windshield and
    engine block as he flips.  Within the car, the vampires ASH.
    The Mustang EXPLODES.  flipping over and --


    --	Blade, now facing frontward again, continues to FIRE as he
    lands, aiming at --


    THE TALON AND THE CHOPPERS,


    which haul ass out of the parking lot, swerving into the
    traffic on the street beyond.


    Blade KEEPS FIRING until he's out of bullets.  Then --


                        ELLINGSON (O.S.)
                No more bullets, Blade?  Guess it's time
                for you to fall down and go boom.


    FOUR STRANDED VAMPIRES,


    from the conflagration, their clothes still smoking, surround
    Blade.  Call them EMOND, DOH, DENLINGER, and ELLINGSON.


    Blade holsters his MACH pistols.  Then reaches for a wicked
    looking CHAIN-KNIFE strapped to his thigh.  The knife has a
    button on either side of the hilt.  As Ellingson RUSHES him --


    -- Blade triggers the first button.  ZZZING!  The knife-blade
    ejects from the hilt, trailing outward six feet on a razored
    chain.  The blade penetrates Ellingson's chest.  He GASPS as
    he starts to ASH.  But before his disintegration is complete --


    -- Blade hits the second button.  The knife-blade retracts,
    the razored chain WHIRRING back into the knife-hilt.  Blade
    SPINS, triggers the first button again --


    The knife-blade FLIES OUT, the razored chain whipping around
    Denlinger's throat.  Blade tugs.  The razor chain cuts through
    Denlinoer's neck, decapitates him. As he ASHES --


    -- Blade triggers the knife again.  As it ejects, he whirls it
    over his head, making a sound like a BULL-ROARER.


    Blade drops low, swinging the razored chain.  The chain slices
    through Emond's legs.  Emond's amputated legs ASH, the rest of
    him tumbling onto the asphalt.  He SCREAMS.


    Blade retracts the knife-blade, whirls, THRUSTS it through
    Doh's abdomen. who was coming up from behind.  As Doh ASHES,
    Blade returns to Emond, finishing him off --


    -- and Blade is on the move again, RUSHING after the vampires
    who escaped.


    EXT. STREET - OVERPASS - NIGHT


    The bike-riding vamps cut across traffic, then SCREAM down an
    on-ramp to a busy street below.


    BACK TO BLADE,


    sprinting from the parking lot to the sidewalk.  He touches a
    hand to his ear.  We SEE a tiny receiver tucked within.


                        BLADE
                Whistler!  I'm on the Stonebridge
                overpass at Clemons --


                        WHISTLER'S VOICE
                Got it!  Heading eastbound, I'm just
                beneath you --


    Blade dodges past a HONKING car, stepping onto and over the
    trunk, then leaps atop the safety rail of the overpass as --


    A BIG-RIG CAB


    hauling a semi-trailer THUNDERS beneath the overpass, sounding
    its AIR HORN.  It has safety cables running along the
    perimeter of the trailer roof, like an aircraft carrier.


                        WHISTLER'S VOICE
                -- GO!!!


    EXT. BUSY STREET - NIGHT


    Blade LAUNCHES HIMSELF into the air.  He lands atop the semi,
    then tumbles, nearly slipping off the edge as he --


    -- snags one of the safety cables atop the trailer!  He
    dangles above the asphalt then SWINGS himself into the open
    back of the trailer.  We HOLD for a beat, then hear the
    THUNDERCLAP of a high-performance ENGINE turning over as --


    BLADE'S MATTE-BLACK DODGE CHARGER


    ROCKETS out of the back of the trailer, sailing right over a
    car that was tail-gating the semi, heading into three lanes of
    on-coming traffic at fifty miles an hour!


    Blade hits the brakes, sending the battle-scarred muscle car
    into a spin, clipping other vehicles in the process.


    INT. BLADE'S CHARGER - NIGHT


    As cars continue to brake and COLLIDE around him, Blade puts
    the pedal to the metal once again.  The Charger accelerates,
    tachometer red-lining as Blade pulls alongside the cab of the
    big-rig, catching a glimpse of --


    WHISTLER BEHIND THE WHEEL


    Whistler grins, gives Blade a little salute and --


    --	Blade reaches between the seats, ACTIVATING the newly
    installed nitrous oxide fuel-injection system.


    EXT. BUSY STREET - NIGHT


    Hyper-speed.  The Charger jets forward as the NOS nitrous
    system boosts the car's speed by another 300 HP, leaving any
    and everything in its dust.  In seconds, it has caught up to --


    STONE AND CAMPBELL


    They draw TEC-9s, FIRING back at Blade.  The bullet-proof
    windshield holds as do the kevlar body panels protecting the
    engine -- but the rounds chew the shit out of the bodywork.


    INT. BLADE'S CHARGER - NIGHT


    Blade gives his car another jolt of nitrous.  The Charger
    SURGES FORWARD as Stone and Campbell fall back, veering to
    either side.  Now Blade is ahead of them.  He checks their
    position in his rear-view mirror, then stands on the brakes --


    EXT. BUSY STREET - NIGHT


    The Charger drops from a hundred to fifty in a heart beat,
    causing Stone and Campbell to rear-end Blade.


    The vamps are ejected over the handle bars of their bikes like
    crash-test dummies.  Stone SMASHES through Blade's back
    windshield, continuing into the front seat--


    -- while Campbell tumbles over Blade's roof and across his
    hood, somehow managing to cling to one of the windshield
    wipers at the last minute.


    INT. BLADE'S CHARGER - NIGHT


    Blade clutches the wheel.  He's got a HOWLING vampire in the
    front seat, upside down, covered in windshield fragments and
    another perched on his hood, obscuring his vision.


    Stone tries to right himself, clawing at Blade.  Blade
    struggles, keeping one hand on the wheel while he --


    --	reaches for a shotgun secured between the seats.  He
    FIRES.  As the vampire ASHES, Blade hits a button on the dash. 
    The passenger door opens, spills Stone onto the road --


    EXT. BUSY STREET - NIGHT


    -- right into the path of an oncoming bus!  WHAM!  Stone is
    ground to paste and --


    INT. TOUR BUS - NIGHT


    TOURISTS, mostly elderly.  The passengers are jolted in their
    seats as the wheels of the bus KA-THUMP over Stone's remains --


                        OLD WOMAN
                I hope that wasn't a dog.


    INT. BLADE'S CHARGER - NIGHT


    -- and we're back in Blade's Charger as Campbell continues to
    HAMMER away at the windshield.  The windshield spiderwebs. 
    Campbell manages to get a clawed hand through --


    Blade swings his shotgun over, shoving it in Campbell's
    snarling mouth.  He pulls the trigger --


    BOOM!  Campbell's CINDER-REMAINS blow over the cracked
    windshield.  Blade hits the wipers, spritzes window cleaner -
    but the mess turns to ashen sludge.  making the view worse!


    EXT. BUSY STREET - NIGHT


    The Talor is up ahead, weaving in and out of traffic. 
    Fighting to see, Blade accelerates, gaining ground --


    The VAMPIRE DRIVER leans out of his own wihdow, looking back
    at Blade, FIRING an AUTOMATIC PISTOL --


    INT. BLADE'S CHARGER - NIGHT


    Blade's windshield, already weakened by Campbell, SHATTERS,
    blowing glass fragments all over him.  Undaunted, Blade calmly
    reaches for his dash, hitting a button labeled "UV".


    EXT. BUSY STREET/BLADE'S CHARGER - NIGHT


    Roof-mounted UV DAYLIGHTS come on, bathing the car ahead and


    (more importantly) the vampire driver with UV LIGHT!


    The vampire at the wheel SHRIEKS, ASHES, leaving the car


    driverless.  Gedge tries to lean over and take the wheel --


    INT. BLADE'S CHARGER - NIGHT


    BURNING REMAINS blow back at us.  Then the view clears and --


    EXT. BUSY STREET - NIGHT


    --	Blade SLAMS his charger into the Talon.  The cars briefly
    lock, grinding SPARKS.  Then they disengage.  Blade jerks his
    steering wheel, gives the Talon ANOTHER SLAM.


    The Talon hits the curb, riding halfway up onto a sidewalk,
    PLOWING DOWN newspaper vending machines and table-top displays
    piled with cheap wares, then a phone booth, a food cart. 
    PEDESTRIANS duck for cover and --


    -- the Talon gets some serious air, ROLLING onto its side as
    it comes back to earth.


    EXT. INTERSECTION - NIGHT


    --WK-KRUNCH-- the wreck skids to a stop against a streetlight.
    The streetlight CREAKS, CRASHES DOWN on the wreck.  BYSTANDERS
    gather, murmuring amongst themselves --


    Gedge drags his bleeding body from the wrecked Talon.  He
    staggers to his feet, clutching a pistol, limps away --


    BLADE'S CHARGER


    pulls up.  Blade climbs out, shotgun in hand.  The shotgun has
    an under-mounted stake launcher.  Blade FIRES at --


    -- Gedge.  The stake hits him in the back.  KNOCKING him onto
    the street.  Bystanders SCREAM, falling back, taking cover --


    Blade approaches, puzzled.  Gedge is still alive, LAUGHING. 
    He looks at Blade, eyes crazed, flashing his fangs.


                        BLADE
                Staked you with silver.  Why aren't you
                ash?


    Gedge coughs blood, struggles to speak:


                        GEDGE
                Why aren't you smarter?  Not a vampire,
                dumbshit -- set your sorry ass up --


    Gedge tugs at his fangs.  They're fake, PROSTHETIC.  Gedge is
    looking past Blade.  Blade turns, looking up --


    A ROOFTOP ABOVE


    Danica is perched there.  She backs into the shadows.  But
    Blade doesn't have time to investigate because --


    --	POLICE SIRENS are drawing near.  Blade retreats to his
    charger.  He GUNS it, speeding away as we --


    CUT TO:


    EXT. BLADE AND WHISTLER'S REFUGE - BOAT HOUSE - NIGHT


    Blade's Charger pulls up to a boat house at the water's edge. 
    Blade climbs out, disappears inside.


                        WHISTLER (O.S.)
                What the fuck happened tonight?


    INT. BLADE AND WHISTLER'S REFUGE - BOAT HOUSE - NIGHT


    New digs.  Built into the decaying boat house, retrofitted for
    Blade's combat needs.  Blade is taking off his body armor,
    tossing weapons onto a work table.  He's frustrated.


                        BLADE
                How should I know?  He was human.


    Whistler reaches for a bottle of whiskey, takes a sip.


                        WHISTLER
                You've been getting careless, Blade.  You
                kill a vampire, they ash, don't leave any
                proof of their existence.  But something
                like this, a human corpse, it's messy --
                    (shaking his head)
                -- you better hope nobody IDed you.


    CUT TO:


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - DANICA'S QUARTERS - NIGHT


    CLOSE ON a digital video tape being slipped into a player. 
    PULL BACK to reveal Danica sitting before a monitor.


    ON THE MONITOR WE SEE


    Footage of Blade confronting Gedge, filmed from a high-angle. 
    Danica smiles and we --


    CUT TO:


    EXT. FBI REGIONAL HEADQUARTERS - DAY


    Establishing.


    SUPER TITLE: FBI REGIONAL HEADQUARTERS


                        WOMAN'S VOICE
                It was horrible.  The one car crashed, and
                then the guy in the coat was shooting the
                other guy --


    INT. FBI REGIONAL HEADQUARTERS - OFFICE - DAY


    CLOSE ON a TV screen.  We are watching a news feed.  A
    REPORTER interviews a WOMAN at the intersection where Blade
    executed Gedge.  Now the reporter turns to the camera.


                        REPORTER
                    (on-screen)
                That was just a taste of the mayhem that
                occurred during tonight's brazen shoot-out
                that left at least four people dead.  Now
                apparently an anonymous citizen captured
                the whole event on video --


    The IMAGE FREEZES.  We hear the clatter of KEYBOARD KEYS as we
    pan over to an adjacent computer monitor where a series of
    VIDEO CAPTURES of the event flash by us in slide-show mode.


    AGENT RAY CUMBLERLAND studies the screen.  Ray is a career
    agent.  Dedicated and dogged to the point of annoyance,
    utterly humorless.  His office is cramped and institutional,
    devoid of any personal touches.  It's also overflowing with
    files, photographs, and charts concerning Blade and Whistler.


    A BULLETIN BOARD


    features numerous surveillance photos of Blade and Whistler in
    action, along with various news clippings and two WANTED
    POSTERS ("UNLAWFUL FLIGHT TO AVOID PROSECUTION - MURDER,
    AGGRAVATED KIDNAPPING, ARMED VIOLENCE").  Most of the photos
    are blurry and indistinct -- akin to snaps taken of Bigfoot.


                        HALE (O.S.)
                Ray!  Heard we've got a lead!


    WILSON HALE (20s), Ray's subordinate, rushes in, excited.  Ray
    stands, ripping down a photo of Blade and Whistler.


                        CUMBERLAND
                Book us a flight, Hale.  Time to take
                these cowboys down.


    CUT TO:


                        WHISTLER (0.S.)
                Pack of Reds and some matches.


    CUT TO:


    INT. CONVENIENCE STORE - DAY


    Whistler is buying a pack of cigarettes when he notices	--


    A BLACK AND WHITE TABLOID


    on display nearby.  The cover story features a BLURRY PHOTO of
    Blade's recent melee with the vampires.


    Whistler picks up the tabloid, studying it.  Next to the photo
    is an ARTIST'S SKETCH OF BLADE.  The headline reads: "GUN
    TOTING PSYCHOPATH CAPTURED ON FILM!"


    Whistler nods to the CASHIER, hands over some more cash.


                        WHISTLER
                I'll take this too.


    EXT. CONVENIENCE STORE - DAY


    Whistler exits the store, perusing the tabloid as he walks. 
    We hear the WHIR of a camera's HIGH-SPEED MOTOR DRIVE and --


    A SERIES OF DIGITAL SHOTS


    capture Whistler as he moves down the sidewalk.


    ANGLE ON AN FBI AGENT


    perched on a nearby roof, taking surveillance photos.


                        FBI AGENT
                Subject is heading West.


    WHIP-PAN to a parked CAR, Cumberland and Hale seated within.


                        CUMBERLAND
                Got him.


    Cumberland starts the car, starts following Whistler.


                        WHISTLER (0.S.)
                Congratulations.  You're famous.  Just
                what we needed.


    INT. BLADE'S REFUGE - BOAT HOUSE - DAY


    CLOSE ON the tabloid as Whistler slaps it down on a workbench. 
    WIDEN to include Whistler and Blade.


                        WHISTLER
                Somebody screwed us.  Your face is all
                over the papers, the television.  Media's
                eating it up.


                        BLADE
                Like I care?


                        WHISTLER
                You should.  Something like this --
                    (gesturing to the tabloid)
                -- taking out a human, even one working
                for the vampires -- far as the rest of the
                world's concerned, you're public enemy
                number one.


                        BLADE
                Didn't realize this was a popularity
                contest.


    Whistler shakes his head, frustrated.


                        WHISTLER
                Damnit, Blade, don't you see what's
                happening?!  The fuckers are finally
                getting smart.  They're waging a goddamn
                PR campaign.  Now it's not just vampires
                we have to worry about, we're gonna have
                to take on the rest of the world too.
                    (beat, adamant)
                They've got us on the run.  These last few
                months we've barely been staying ahead of
                the curve.


                        BLADE
                You worry too much, old man.


                        WHISTLER
                I've been doing this since before you were
                born, Blade.  The moment you stop
                worrying, you're dead.


    Then Whistler's face softens for a moment.


                        WHISTLER
                Since the day I found you, you've been
                like a son to me.  I taught you everything
                I know.
                    (beat)
                But I'm tired.  You understand?

        EXT. INNER CITY STREET - NIGHT


    It's rush hour and the streets are choked with traffic. 
    PEOPLE mill past on the crowded sidewalk.


    We move from face to face, capturing brief portraits of
    working-class desperation -- an OVERWEIGHT GUY, a PAIR OF
    HOMELESS TEENAGERS, an ASIAN VENDOR, a STREETWALKER.


                        VOICE (O.S)
                How about that one?


                        SECOND VOICE (O.S.)
                No fatties.  They taste like Cheetos.


                        THIRD VOICE (O.S.)
                What about that shrunken apple-head
                beeyatch-a-saurus over there?


                        VOICE (O.S.)
                Fucking blow me, man!


    We hear LAUGHTER and we WHIP-PAN over to a grimy office
    building, ZIPPING UP the face of it to --


    A ROOFTOP PARKING STRUCTURE


    A SKATE-PUNK (SQUID) gets some air, flipping his board up into
    a nice Ollie backside grab, then scoots over to --


    -- THREE MORE PUNKS perched on a concrete ledge, watching the
    people below them.  They are: PROOF, FLICK and DINGO.  All in
    their teens, sporting copious piercings and tattoos.  Flick
    wears a ratty T-shirt from "The Lost Boys" movie.


                        DINGO
                C'mon, just pick one.


                        PROOF
                Once you buy a prize, it's yours and
                yours to keep.


    They keep looking.  Then, Flick suddenly points, excited --


                        FLICK
                Got it, got it!  Baby on board!


    ANGLE ON A MOUSY WOMAN (ABIGAIL)


    moving below, her figure camouflaged beneath layers of
    clothing.  She's in her 20s, lugging a NEWBORN in a BabyBjorn
    carrier that's strapped to her chest, clutching a bag of
    groceries in either hand.  She looks a little haggard.


    As we watch, she reaches an elevated rail station entrance.


    BACK TO THE SKATE-PUNKS


    Dingo nods and smiles approvingly.


                        DINGO
                Looks like we got ourselves a combo meal.


    EXT. ELEVATED RAIL STATION - VARIOUS - NIGHT


    A series of shots as Abigail makes her way into the station,


    passing a few other PEOPLE here and there.


    INT. ELEVATED RAIL PLATFORM - NIGHT


    A depressing, dimly lit, partially open-air station.  Abigail
    moves out onto the platform, which is now deserted.  She
    glances around, a bit nervous, and finally sits on a bench.


    Beat.  Just the wind MOANING in the tunnels, across the
    platform.  Then we hear a RUSTLING SOUND --


    Abigail looks right, sees nothing.  We hear ANOTHER SOUND,
    this time from the left --


    Abigail looks up, briefly glimpsing a FIGURE ducking behind a
    concrete pillar.


    Unnerved, she stands, moving a protective hand over her baby. 
    She backs up a few steps, trying to look around the pillar --


    -- but no one is there.  Then a SHADOW MOVES behind her.  She
    SENSES it, spinning --


    -- but again, she seems to be alone.  Thoroughly frightened
    now, Abigail scoops up her grocery bags, turns to exit and --


    -- slams right into Dingo and Proof!  She GASPS.


                        DINGO
                Hey, pretty lady.


                        PROOF
                Sophisticated mama.


    Dingo and Proof reveal their fangs.  Abigail SCREAMS, runs --


    -- right into the arms of Flick and Squid!  They grab her,
    RIPPING the BabyBjorn carrier from her chest, SHOVING her back
    at Dingo and Proof.


    In seconds, Dingo and Proof have Abigail on the floor. 
    They're tearing away at her clothing, LAUGHING.


                        DINGO
                Scream if this hurts, chica!


    ON FLICK,


    removing the BABY from its carrier.  He holds the baby up -
    only it's not a baby.  It's a DOLL with the words "FUCK YOU!"
    written on its chest.  Flick is briefly confused --


    -- and then the baby doll EXPLODES, covering Flick's face with
    a cloud of GARLIC GAS!


    Flick recoils, retching, wiping at his burning face --


                        FLICK
                --aghhk -- it's fucking garlic!


    ON DINGO AND PROOF,


    looking back, alarmed.  Then Abigail pulls her knee to her
    chest.  A SILVER SPIKE springs out from the toe of her boot.


    She KICKS UP, imbedding the spike up through the underside of
    Proof's chin.  Proof ASHES.


    Before Dingo has a chance to act, Abigail gets him in a
    leglock, FLIPPING him back onto his ass.


    ABIGAIL


    jumps to her feet, shedding her coat and hat.  Long tresses of
    hair spill around her shoulders.  She's not mousy at all.  In
    fact, she's beautiful.  And cut like an Olympic athlete.  And
    equipped with a walking arsenal of weapons.


    Dingo SNARLS -- CRUNCH!  Abigail plants her heel in his face,
    SMASHING IN his nose.  She does a cartwheel, KICKS him again.
    Follows that with flurry of PUNCHES.  He goes down as --


    -- Flick and Squid come charging!  Squid gets her in a CHOKE
    HOLD.  She FLIPS him over her shoulder, KICKING him in the
    nuts as he lands.  He curls up, GROANING --


    Abigail turns back to Flick, ELBOWING him in the throat --


    -- then returns to Squid, ejecting a SILVER THROWING KNIFE
    from a spring-loaded, automated dispenser strapped to her
    wrist.  She POPs the knife through Squid's chest.  He ASHES --


    FOLLOWING ABIGAIL


    as she reaches behind her, removing a CRESCENT-SHAPED DEVICE
    secured to her back.  She holds the crescent in the center,
    the curve pointing away from her, gives it a twist and --


    CHINKT!  The device extends from either end, telescoping
    outward into a three-foot long metal arc.  Connecting the two
    ends of the arc is a powerful, BUZZING UV LASER.


    Abigail LASHES OUT, lopping off Flick's arm.  His arm falls,
    ASHING.  Abigail swings the arc around, pushing it forward
    through Flick's mid-section like a cheese cutter --


    Flick literally falls apart, his upper torso sliding from his
    trunk, ASHING in the foreground, his burning particles falling
    away to reveal Abigail in the background --


    Dingo scrambles to his feet, running for his life.


    Abigail gives her UV arc a twist.  It retracts.  She secures
    it behind her back once again, unholsters a strange-looking
    "bloop" GUN with a large barrel.  She FIRES --


    A rapidly-expanding spherule of ANTI-PERSONNEL FOAM splatters
    against Dingo's legs, hardening instantly, tripping him up --


    Dingo goes down again.  He panics, trying to scrape the gunk
    off his legs, manages to get one of his hands stuck to the
    hardening mess in the process -- like a mouse in a glue-trap.


    Abigail calmly approaches.  She stands over Dingo, staring
    down at him with a look of cruel indifference.  She holsters
    her bloop gun, withdraws another SILVER STAKE --


                        ABIGAIL
                Scream if this hurts, chica.


    -- and SLAMS the stake into his chest.


    WIDEN OUT


    Abigail turns, surveying her work.  The ashen remains of the
    vampires are popping and crackling like campfire embers.  In
    thirty-seven seconds she's managed to eliminate them all.


    A train approaches, pulls into the station.  PASSENGERS
    disembark, flood the platform.  They tramp all over the ashes
    of the vampires, completely unaware of the recent slaughter.


    Abigail walks against the stream of traffic, boards the train. 
    She is the sole passenger as the train pulls away.


    INT. BLADE'S REFUGE - WHISTLER'S ROOM - NIGHT	


    Whistler sits on a cot, contemplating the tarnished wedding
    ring on his hand.  He slowly spins it around his finger.


    INT. BLADE'S REFUGE - BLADE'S ROOM - NIGHT


    Blade sits before a small Buddhist shrine, meditating. 
    Incense burns.  His sword rests in a ceremonial holder.  Near
    silence punctuated by the intermittent ocean swell outside.


    CLOSE ON BLADE'S FACE


    We hear the SOUNDS OF VIOLENCE -- ECHOING SCREAMS, GUNSHOTS. 
    These are Blade's thoughts.  The inner demons he is constantly
    trying to tame.  The sounds CRESCENDO and --


    --	Blade opens his eyes.  He listens.  Something is wrong.


    INT. BLADE'S REFUGE - BOAT HOUSE - NIGHT


    Blade creeps into the outer room, sword drawn.


    NOISE behind him, turns to see --


    WHISTLER


    standing in the shadows, clutching a handgun.


                        WHISTLER
                What is it?


                        BLADE
                What you've been worrying about.


    They listen.  Just the sound of the ocean swell.  Then --


    A WINDOW SHATTERS


    TWO ARMORED SWAT AGENTS lower in on rappelling lines. 


    TWO MORE AGENTS


    CRASH through a bank of windows on either side, swinging in. 
    They FIRE cannisters of TEAR GAS.  As Blade moves to engage
    them, Whistler RUSHES into the heart of the armory --


    A reinforced door EXPLODES inward.  MORE AGENTS storm inside. 


    FROM THE WATER,


    a military Zodiac (inflatable boat) roars up one of the wooden
    boat ramps, laden with gun-toting AGENTS.  They jump out,
    fanning all over the boat house.


    He hears a


                        AGENT
                On the floor!  ON THE FLOOR!


    Whistler FIRES at them, then makes a run for it.  The agents
    RETURN FIRE, but Whistler ducks behind a concrete pillar --


    EXT. BLADE'S REFUGE - BOAT HOUSE - NIGHT


    Cop cruisers, unmarked cars, and SWAT trucks sweep in, SIRENS
    blaring, disgorging a small army of POLICE and FBI AGENTS.
    POLICE BOATS are pulling up to the dock.


    AGENTS CUMBERLAND AND HALE


    emerge from an unmarked, wearing bullet-proof vests,
    brandishing firearms.  Cumberland barks orders into a radio.


                        CUMBERLAND
                Lock it down!  Keep them contained!


    On the rooftops above, various SWAT SNIPERS take position.


    INT. BLADE'S REFUGE - BOAT HOUSE - NIGHT


    Blade BRAWLS with a half-dozen agents, sending them flying in
    all directions.  He grabs one agent, HEAD-BUTTS him, THROWS
    him into the path of two others --


    Then he reaches for another, THROWING him THROUGH a window at
    the rear, out into the river which runs below --


    ON WHISTLER


    as he moves with increased urgency.  The armory is filling up
    with tear gas.  Coughing and half-blind, he hurries to a bank
    of computers, types in a series of commands --


    THE VARIOUS COMPUTER MONITORS


    around him synch up, showing the same protocol message:


                    Data protection routine enabled


                    --	Server 1 protection enabled...


                    --	Server 2 protection enabled...


    In response, a rack of network storage equipment and removable
    hard drives EXPLODES.  Then a second rack of equipment
    EXPLODES as well.


    EXT. BLADE'S REFUGE - BOAT HOUSE - NIGHT


    From their vantage point below, Cumberland and the others can
    hear the explosions. Cumberland is on his radio, SHOUTING:


                        CUMBERLAN D
                What's going on in there?


                        AGENT'S VOICE
                    (over radio)
                Some kind of self-destruct program!
                They're fragging their hard drives!


    INT. BLADE'S REFUGE - BOAT HOUSE - NIGHT


    Whistler keeps moving.  An agent gets a clear shot at him,
    FIRES -- Whistler is hit in the chest.


    Blade SEES Whistler take the hit, but he's cut off from the
    old man, being swarmed by agents --


                        BLADE
                WHISTLER!


    Whistler staggers, keeps moving.  He makes it to another bank
    of computers, launches the same protocol.


    ON MORE MONITORS


    Erasing information, purging themselves.  We see commands:


                    --	Workstation 1 protection enabled


                    --	Workstation 2 protection enabled


    With each successive command, the workstations themselves
    begin self-destructing, EXPLODING one after another.


    Another agent gets a bead on Whistler, FIRING a round into
    Whistler's thigh.  Whistler SCREAMS --


    ON BLADE,


    in anguish as he sees his mentor being slaughtered.  Then two
    agents are RUSHING HIM, tackling Blade.  As one they fall
    backwards, into another bank of windows --


    EXT. BLADE'S REFUGE - BOAT HOUSE - NIGHT


    CRASH!  The three of them come FLYING DOWN in a spray of
    glass, landing atop one of the police cruisers below.  The
    roof buckles under their weight, windows SHATTERING --


                        CUMBERLAND
                Take him down!


    An FBI AGENT raises a CODA net gun atop his shoulder, taking
    aim.  BA-BANG!  Four projectiles expand out from the barrel,
    carrying a STEEL NET which has been strung between them.


    The netting hits Blade, wrapping around him, restricting his
    movements.  Immediately, a small army of agents DIVE on top of
    him, PUMMELING AWAY, trying to beat him into submission --


    INT. BLADE'S REFUGE - BOAT HOUSE - NIGHT


    On the verge of losing consciousness, Whistler props himself
    against a piece of machinery.  He's bleeding, been shot to
    hell.  One of his hands is closed, clutching something.


    Agents warily close in around him, guns raised.


                        AGENT
                Move a finger and you're dead.


                        WHISTLER
                    (flipping them off)
                How 'bout this one?


    Whistler lets his other hand uncurl. He's got a REMOTE in his
    palm, with a tiny digital timer counting-down.


                        AGENT #2
                He's got something in his--


    00:03.  00:02.  00:01.  The timer reaches zero.


    A SERIES OF EXPLOSIONS


    rock the workshop, knocking the agents back.


    EXT. BLADE'S REFUGE - BOAT HOUSE - NIGHT


    CLOUDS OF FIRE and FLAMING DEBRIS MUSHROOM OUTWARD, catching
    all unawares, sweeping them up off their feet with a hurricane
    force.  In the midst of the conflagration --


    -- Blade briefly manages to tear free of his captors --


                        BLADE
                WHISTLER!!!


    -- but the wall of FIRE and LIGHT is rushing onward, sweeping
    up everything in its path, turning the world to white.


    INT. POLICE STATION - INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT


    FADE IN.  We are CLOSE ON Blade's perspiration-beaded face.
    His eyelids flutter as he slowly regains consciousness.


                        CUMBERLAND (O.S.)
                Rise and shine, sleepyhead.


    PULL BACK.  We are in a room with a one-way mirrored window. 
    Blade sits, hands cuffed behind him, BRIGHT LIGHTS shining
    down on him.  He looks disoriented, battered.  Very weak.


    Cumberland and Hale are sitting across from Blade.


                        BLADE
                Who --?


                        CUMBERLAND
                Special Agents Ray Cumberland and Wilson
                Hale, FBI.  We've been tracking you for a
                long time.


                        BLADE
                Whistler --


                        HALE
                Dead.  Just like all of your victims.


    Blade shuts his eyes -- as if he could just wish them away.


                        CUMBERLAND
                How many people have you killed?  Thirty?
                Forty?  A hundred?


                        BLADE
                Those were familiars -- people who worked
                for them --


                        CUMBERLAND
                And by "them" you mean vampires, right?
                I suppose next you'll be telling us that
                Bigfoot's in on the conspiracy too? So
                what kills these bloodsu~kers, tough guy? 
                Maybe you can give us some pointers.
                    (counting on his ringers)
                You can stake 'em, right?  Then there's
                sunlight -- what about crosses, Wilson? 
                Do those still work?


                        HALE
                I don't know, Ray.  What if a vampire's
                Jewish?


                        CUMBERLAND
                That's a good point.  And does garlic work
                on a Hindu vampire?  Or do you need
                saffron or something?


    Hale laughs.  Cumberland shakes his head, his smile fading.


                        CUMBERLAND
                You can keep doing your song and dance as
                long as you want, Blade, but it's not
                going to play.  You're a stone-cold
                killer.  And you're sick as fuck.


                        VANCE (O.S.)
                Let's leave the diagnosis to the
                professionals.


    ANGLE ON DR. EDGAR VANCE,


    standing in the doorway.  He's the man we saw on Larry King.
    He takes a seat by Blade, sets a leather case on a table.


                        VANCE
                Hello, Blade.  My name is Doctor Vance.
                I'm with the Department of Mental Health.
                I've been charged with conducting a
                psychiatric evaluation of you.
                    (to Cumberland and Hale)
                Gentleman, would you mind giving us a few
                moments alone?


    Cumberland nods.  They rise, exiting the room.  Vance smiles,
    trying to project a sympathetic air.


                        VANCE
                I imagine this must be very frightening
                for you.  But I want you to know that I'm
                here to help.  In order to do that,
                however, I need to ask you some questions.
                    (beat)
                Now.  Can you tell me what day it is?


    Blade just stares daggers at Vance.


                        VANCE
                What about the President?  Do you know
                who's in the White House at the moment?


                        BLADE
                An ass-hole.


                        VANCE
                    (sighing)
                Alright then, let's talk about vampires --
                what can you tell me about that?


    INT. POLICE STATION - OBSERVATION ROOM - NIGHT


    On the other side of the mirror, Cumberland and Hale have
    joined Chief Vreede.  We hear Blade and Vance via speakers:


                        BLADE
                There's nothing to tell.  They exist.


                        VANCE
                And are you one of them?


    INT.	POLICE STATION - INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT


    Vance sits forward, drawing closer.


                        VANCE
                What about blood?   When you drink it, do
                you find yourself sexually aroused?


    Blade just glares at Vance.


                        VANCE
                You see, it strikes me that this business
                of vampirism has strong connotations of
                sexual confusion.  Bodily fluids being
                exchanged, that sort of thing.  You have
                to ask where that comes from.  I'm
                wondering, for instance, what your
                relationship was like with your mother.
                Were the two of you close?


    Blade glares.  If he escapes, he's going to kill this guy.


    INT. POLICE STATION - OBSERVATION ROOM - NIGHT


    Dr. Vance steps into the observation room, joining Chief
    Vreede, Cumberland, and Hale.


                        VREEDE
                What's your assessment, Doctor?


                        VANCE
                He's psychotic, with paranoid features,
                possessing dangerous levels of sociopathy. 
                He's exhibiting disorganized behavior.  He
                obviously doesn't have a properly formed
                conscience --
                    (spreading his hands)
                For his safety and the public's, I'm
                recommending that he be transferred to
                County Psychiatric for further treatment.


                        CUMBERLAND
                That's unacceptable.  This man's wanted in
                connection with a laundry list of federal
                crimes.  I need him on a plane to the
                Detention Center in Washington tonight.


                        VANCE
                Agent Cumberland, that man is in no
                condition to undergo prosecution.


    Cumberland and Hale look to Vreede with disbelief.


                        HALE
                Chief, we've got a federal arrest warrant
                here that clearly supersedes --


                        VREEDE
                I don't care about your warrant.  We're in
                my jurisdiction now.  You've got an issue
                with that, you take it up with the local
                magistrate.


    Dr. Vance shrugs as if to say he's sorry.


                        VANCE
                I'm sorry, gentlemen, but the call has
                already been made.  A team from the
                hospital should be here momentarily to
                oversee the transfer.


    INT. POLICE STATION - ENTRY WAY - NIGHT


    Asher, Danica, and Grimwood enter, followed by FOUR VAMPIRES
    dressed as orderlies.  The orderlies carry a straightjacket,
    various restraints, and a collapsible transport gurney.


    Danica approaches the DESK SERGEANT, flashing a hospital ID.


                        DANICA
                Hi.  We're here to transfer a patient to
                County General?


    INT. POLICE STATION - INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT


    Vance enters once more.  He opens the leather case on the
    table, removing a syringe and an ampule of fluid.


                        VANCE
                    (speaking softly now)
                Just a little something to keep you
                compliant.  The normal dose is two, maybe
                three hundred milligrams.  But for a
                strapping young hybrid like yourself --


    Vance pokes the needle of the syringe into the ampule.


                        VANCE
                -- I think we'll kick it up to a couple
                thousand.


    Vance reaches for Blade's arm.  Blade struggles, tries to pull
    back, but Vance manages to inject him nonetheless.


                        VANCE
                There.  That wasn't so bad, was it?
                    (smiling)
                You're weak, aren't you?  In need of your
                serum.  Who would've guessed a mere human
                like myself could overpower you?


                        BLADE
                    (realizing)
                You're with them -- a familiar --


                        VANCE
                Going on five years now.


    Vance extends his arm, pulling back his shirt cuff a little to
    reveal a VAMPIRE GLYPH tattooed on the underside of his wrist. 
    Then he pulls his cuff back down, smiles at Blade.


                        VANCE
                It's the end-game, Blade.  All their plans
                are finally coming to fruition.  So just
                sit back and enjoy the show.


    Blade looks to the one-way mirror, SCREAMS.


                        BLADE
                He's one of them!  Damnit, he's working
                for them!


    Vance looks to the one-way mirror as well and shrugs as if to
    say -- "The man's deranged.  What can I do?"


    INT. POLICE STATION - OBSERVATION ROOM - NIGHT


    On the other side of the glass, Blade looks like a raging
    lunatic.  Vance enters.  He extends his hand to Vreede.


    They shake.  As they do so, we SEE a vampire GLYPH on the
    inside of Vreede's wrist as well.  Another familiar.


    INT. POLICE STATION - INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT


    Blade stares at his own reflection in the mirror.  He blinks,
    trying to focus -- but the drug is starting to kick in.


    INT. POLICE STATION - HALLWAY - NIGHT


    An elevator door opens.  Asher, Danica, and Grimwood exit,
    followed by the orderlies who are now wheeling the gurney.  As
    they move down the corridor, they pass --


    -- Cumberland and Hale, who are chasing down Chief Vreede.


                        CUMBERLAND
                Just hold it right there --


    Danica shoves Cumberland aside, hard, keeps moving past him.


    Cumberland looks to Hale.  Something isn't right about this.


    INT. POLICE STATION - INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT


    Blade struggles, in the full throes of the drug now.


    BLADE'S POV


    His vision is blurring, various objects in the room leaving
    trails as he shifts his head from side to side and --


    ASHER, DANICA, AND GRIMWOOD


    enter, followed by two of the orderlies.  Despite his
    incapacitation, Blade attempts to rise.  Danica plants her
    heel in his chest, shoving him back down.


                        DANICA
                Easy, lover. You're not going anywhere.


    She draws closer, enjoying herself.


                        DANICA
                We moved the humans around like, pawns,
                Blade.  Used them to flush you out.


    Blade tries to LUNGE from his chair at her and -- WHACK!
    Grimwood punches Blade across the jaw.  A brutal blow.


                        GRIMWOOD
                Don't worry, Captain Sunshine.  Soon as we
                get you out of here, you'll get a chance
                to play.


    Danica motions to the two vampire orderlies.  They step
    forward with the straight-jacket, start to put it on Blade. 
    Blade THRASHES madly.  Asher LAUGHS, enjoying this.


                        DANICA
                Don't make this any harder than it has to
                be.  You're all alone, Blade.  No one can
                help you now.


    BA-BOOM!  The one-way mirror SHATTERS, exploding outward in a
    shower of SLOW-MOTION GLASS FRAGMENTS, carrying with it --


    -- a BODY, one of the vampire mental health flunkies --


    ASHING in mid-air as he sails into the room!  Seconds later --


    A MAN


    VAULTS through the blown-out window, simultaneously drawing
    two high-tech electronic pistols.
    Meet HANNIBAL KING (30s), an audacious vampire hunter with an
    irrepressible grin.  Slapped to his chest is a "Hello, my name
    is" sticker with the words "FUCK YOU" written where the name
    should be.


                        KING
                Why'd the Polish vampire starve to death?


    Danica spins, enraged, recognizing King instantly --


                        KING
                He kept biting his own lip.


                        DANICA
                King!


    The lights go out.  Immediately, backup lights come on,
    followed by FIRE ALARMS.  In the ensuing confusion ~ both
    pistols at Asher, who drops, allowing one of the vampire
    orderlies behind him to take the hit.


    THE VAMPIRE ORDERLY ASHES


    But unlike Blade's victims, he disintegrates from the inside
    out.  (The reason is King's signature bullets -- SUN DOGS,
    explosive rounds that give off concentrated UV light.)


    King whips around, FIRING at --


    -- Danica, who LEAPS behind the table.  She quickly upends it,
    using it as a shield, FLINGING it at King.


    ON BLADE


    He shifts his weight, throwing himself and the chair he's
    sitting on to the floor.  Then he KICKS OUT AND UP --


    -- connecting with Grimwood's mid-section, sending him FLYING
    BACKWARDS -- straight through the wall into the next room!


    King holsters one of his pistols and hauls Blade up.  At the
    same time, he FIRES on Asher again, missing him --


                        KING
                Let's FLY, kemosabe!


    King drags Blade to the door --


    INT. POLICE STATION - HALLWAY - NIGHT


    -- into the neighboring corridor.  Cumberland and Hale SEE
    them.  They reach for their weapons --


                        CUMBERLAND
                He's getting away!


    King FIRES into the room behind him, then pulls a GRENADE
    secured to a bandolier and tosses it through the doorway --


    An EXPLOSION rocks the interrogation room, filling the
    corridor with smoke, knocking Cumberland and Hale back.


    King turns his attention to Blade's handcuffs, FIRING between
    them, freeing Blade's hands.  Blade collapses against the
    wall.  He's shaking, close to passing out.


                        KING
                Don't die on me, you undead motherfucker!


    King drags Blade up.  They continue down the corridor to --


    ABIGAIL, THE FEMALE VAMPIRE HUNTER


    we met earlier.  She's engaged in hand-to-hand combat with a
    half-dozen UNIFORMED OFFICERS.  Three of them are already
    down.  In seconds, she finishes off the other three.


                        KING
                Whistler!  We need that serum NOW!


    Whistler?  Abigail spins, dispatching the last officer with a
    kick to the mid-section while tossing a PNEUMATIC INJECTOR at
    King.  He snatches it, places it in Blade's hands.


    Blade injects himself in the neck.  Moments later, he's
    reenergized.  He looks to King, clear-eyed.


                        KING
                Hey Blacula, you ready to shake and bake?


    Blade responds by PUNCHING King across the jaw.


                        BLADE
                Call me that again and I'll give you
                fucking brain damage.


    King massages his jaw, tossing Blade a pistol even as --


    --	Grimwood rounds the corner, hungry for blood, TWO MORE
    VAMPIRE ORDERLIES behind him.


    Blade FIRES round after round of EXPLOSIVE BULLETS, causing
    Grimwood and the others to fall back.  Blade and King move,
    joining Abigail.  MORE SMOKE, darkness, only the emergency
    lights to illuminate the station.


    UP AHEAD,


    a group of POLICEMEN spill from a stairwell, armed with bullet
    proof vests.  They OPEN FIRE --


    Blade, King, and Abigail retreat into an alcove.  They're
    pinned down between the vampires and a group of policemen.


                        KING
                We're pinned down!
                    (to Blade)
                Can't you do something?!


                        BLADE
                I can't shoot around corners!


                        ABIGAIL
                I can.


    As King and Blade lay down COVER FIRE, Abigail reaches behind
    her, withdrawing a device that's been secured there.  She
    gives it a SNAP and it springs open, taking the shape of a --


    FUTURISTIC COMPOUND BOW


    Crafted from aluminum, its limbs imbedded in key positions
    with vibration-dampening modules, this bow is capable of
    firing an arrow upwards of 300 feet-per-second.


    Abigail withdraws a SILVER ARROW with a time-delay explosive
    tip from her quiver, nocks it in her bow and takes aim at --


    A FIRE EXTINGUISHER


    mounted at the end of the corridor.  She lets her arrow fly --


    MOVING WITH THE ARROW


    as it banks off the side of the fire extinguisher, continuing
    down the side corridor where it embeds itself in --


    -- the shoulder of one of the vampires!  The vampire SCREAMS,
    grabbing the shaft, ripping it out.  Then we --


    MACRO-ZOOM ON THE ARROW HEAD


    A tiny "egg-timer" dial on the arrowhead spins.  It CLICKS in
    place, a RED LED comes on, and --


    --	the arrowhead EXPLODES, catching all three vampires with
    the full force of a UV BLAST.  Grimwood ducks away from the
    blast as the other two vampires ASH --


    BLADE, KING, AND ABIGAIL


    come racing out of the alcove.  They reach a stairwell.  Blade
    RIPS a steel door clear off its hinges, tossing it down the
    stairwell at a phalanx of COP REINFORCEMENTS who are charging
    up the stairs.  The cops go down like ten-pins.


    Blade and company have an opening.  But as they charge
    downward --


                        BLADE
                    (as King and Abigail
                    freeze)
                My sword.  They still have it.


                        KING
                    (apoplectic)
                Are you insane?!  We're practically home
                free!  We can't go hunting for your
                fucking butter-knife now!


    But Blade is already heading back the way they came and --


                        KING
                Hey!  HEY!!!  COME BACK HERE!!!  This is
                supposed to be a rescue!


    -- Abigail grabs King's shoulder, pulling him to the stairs.


                        ABIGAIL
                Forget it, King.  Let's move.


    POLICE STATION - NIGHT


    King and Abigail rush outside.  The station is gated. FLASHING
    POLICE CARS are surging through the mouth of the gate. 
    They're trapped.  Then --


    CRASH!


    A window on the third floor of the station EXPLODES OUTWARD. 
    Blade drops three stories, landing before King and Abigail in
    a cat-like crouch.  With his sword in his hand.  He looks at
    King, grins, flips him off.


                        BLADE
                Now we can go.


                        KING
                    (nudging Abigail)
                Is he epic or what?


    The police close in around them, pinning the trio down with
    FIREPOWER.  Yet King and Abigail seem unconcerned because --


    HEADLIGHTS


    are washing over them.  A beefed-up, 70s Land Cruiser is
    SCREAMING up the street.  The Cruiser jumps onto the sidewalk,
    SMASHES right through the gated wall.  SCREECHES to a stop
    between our trio and the police cars.


    A DRIVER (DEX)


    leans out his window, gives a little wave as the rear doors
    pop open.  Gruff and compact, he looks like a prize-fighter.


                        DEX
                My name is Dex.  And I'll be saving your
                ass this evening.


    Blade, King, and Abigail scramble into the back of the Land
    Cruiser.  Dex reverses, backing out the way he came.


    The police from the squad cars are FIRING, but the Land
    Cruiser is armored and the bullets harmlessly SPARK off.


    INT. LAND CRUISER - NIGHT


    In the backseat, Abigail looks through the rear windshield --


    ABIGAIL'S POV


    Grimwood is running after them, actually gaining on the Land
    Cruiser.  Chewing up the asphalt like a cheetah.


    EXT. LAND CRUISER - NIGHT


    Abigail leans out the rear window, nocking a non-UV arrow in
    her bow.  She takes aim at Grimwood, lets the arrow fly --


    SHUNKT!  The arrow sinks into Grimwood's eye.  He goes down,
    his somersaulting figure quickly receding into the background
    as the Land Cruiser speeds away.


    INT. LAND CRUISER - NIGHT


    Safe for the moment, King basks in the adrenaline rush of a
    battle well fought.  Meanwhile, Dex is on a cell phone.


                        DEX
                We have him.  We'll be there soon.


                        KING
                    (to Blade)
                So my entrance back there -- what do you
                think?  Too flashy?  Right on the money?


    King unhuckles his combat harness, revealing a bullet-proof
    vest bereath it that's been riddled with imbedded slugs.


                        BLADE
                Who are you people?


                        KING
                My name's Hannibal King.  I'm a hunter,
                like you.
                    (re: Abigail)
                And this little hellion is Abigail
                Whistler.


    Abigail just stares back at Blade, silently appraising him.


                        KING
                That's right, Blade.  You're not hearing
                things.  She's Whistler's daughter.  You
                see, Abby, Dex, myself -- we're all part
                of Whistler's "contingency plan".


    King reaches into an inner pocket, pulls out a pack of gum. 
    He selects a stick, offers one to Blade.


                        KING
                Juicyfruit?


    EXT. CITY STREETS - NIGHT


    The Land Cruiser rockets away, disappearing into the night.


    EXT. LUNA PARK - NIGHT


    The Land Cruiser moves across an abandoned lot towards the
    weed-choked ruins of an old amusement park.  We pass by the
    skeletal remains of a roller-coaster, a tilt-a-whirl, the
    vandalized and wood-rotted remnants of a carousel.


    Finally, the Land Cruiser turns towards a motorized loading
    door in the side of a large warehouse and disappears inside.


    INT. WAREHOUSE/GARAGE - NIGHT


    As the door grinds closed, the Land Cruiser stops.  King and
    Abigail lead Blade through the darkness.  In the gloom we see
    a half-dozen vehicles in various stages of being retrofitted
    with armored panels and weaponry, etc.  SURVEILLANCE CAMERAS
    mounted above track their progress.


                        BLADE
                I thought the vampires murdered
                Whistler's family.


                        ABIGAIL
                They did.  I'm the product of an earlier
                fling of my Dad's, born out of wedlock. 
                After the murders happened, he kept me
                hidden.  He wanted me safe.  Away from all
                of this --
                    (gesturing around them)
                -- but I guess hunting just runs in our
                blood.


    As King and Abigail lead Blade towards a stairway, Blade
    catches sight of --


    A LITTLE GIRL (5)


    peering down at him from atop one of the rafters.  As soon as
    he spots her, she ducks into the shadows.


    They reach the stairway.  AUTOMATED GUNS mounted on swivel
    arms lock on them with infra-red targeting beams.


                        ABIGAIL
                When I came of age, I tracked my Dad
                down, told him I wanted in.
                    (beat, shrugging)
                Been doing it ever since.


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT


    We enter a sprawling industrial facility that is equal parts
    mechanics shop, firing range, and laboratory.  We glimpse a
    virtual arsenal of new weaponry and medical equipment,
    including DNA sequencers, microfuges, and electroporaters.


    The new equipment fights for space alongside the old -
    mountains of mothballed parts from the park's broken thrill
    rides.  Here and there we see the oversized fiberglass head of
    a grinning fun-house creature or the mildewed torso of a
    fortune-telling mannequin, frozen in its upended booth.


                        KING
                Welcome to the honeycomb hideout.


                        BLADE
                    (looking around)
                How do you bankroll this place?


                        KING
                Internet porn.  See, we're using cock
                suckers to pay for the blood-suckers.  
                    (off Blade's look)
                Joke.  Come on, man.  This isn't some
                piddly little hoopty-ass operation, Blade. 
                We take our jobs very seriously.


    UP AHEAD,


    TWO OTHERS pause in their work as King approaches.  Dex falls
    in behind them.


    HEDGES (20s) is an engineer, always lost in his own world.


    SOMMERFIELD (30s) is a frail-looking geneticist.  She's also
    blind, operating her computers via a voice-synthesis program
    and Braille keyboard.


                        KING
                You met Dex.  This is Hedges, Sommerfield--


    King gestures to them in turn.  They're all refugees in one
    way or another, sharing a common guardedness, their lives
    having been shattered by the vampires.


                        KING
                    (nodding back)
                The runt you saw earlier is Sommerfield's
                daughter, Zoe.  We call ourselves the
                Nightstalkers.


                        BLADE
                You sound like rejects from a Saturday
                morning cartoon.


                        KING
                We were gonna call ourselves the Super
                Friends, but that was taken.


    Abigail rids herself of her weapons -- bow, arrows, silver
    stakes and knives.  She hands her compound bow to Hedges.


                        ABIGAIL
                Tiller needs adjustment.


                        HEDGES
                I'll run it through the bow press.


    Blade examines some of the equipment being developed.


                        BLADE
                How many of you are there total?


                        KING
                Enough.  We operate in sleeper cells. 
                When one goes down, a new cell activates
                to pick up the slack.  Consider us your
                reinforcements.


                        BLADE
                Sorry.  Never been much of a team player.


                        SOMMERFIELD
                I don't think you understand, Blade.
                Whistler meant for us to help you.  When
                he died, he activated an emergency
                protocol.  All his knowledge --


    She gestures to the computer equipment around her.


                        SOMMERFIELD
                --was transferred to our servers here.


                        BLADE
                And what makes you think you know so much
                about killing vampires?


    King reaches for his collar, pulling it down to reveal a
    telltale mass of scar tissue in the shape of a BITE MARK.


                        KING
                Well for starters, I used to be one.  
                    (in a sinister tone)
                Do I pass the audition?


                                                            CUT TO:


    EXT. PHOENIX TOWERS - NIGHT


    We soar through the night sky, diving down towards a cluster
    of gleaming, high-tech spires.  As we isolate a penthouse
    apartment atop one of them we hear an ANGRY SCREAM.


                        DANICA (O.S.)
                Fucking Hannibal King!


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - PENTHOUSE - NIGHT


    An impressively decorated loft bespeaking of money, power, and
    a certain perverse esthetic.  Danica slams her fist straight
    through the wall, then spins around, enraged.


    Asher and Grimwood are there too, their wounds being treated
    by Hendrix and a VAMPIRE TECHNICIAN.  At tie moment, they're
    trying to remove the arrow protruding from Grimwood's eye.


    An enormous ROTTWEILER sits nearby, attentively watching. A
    TRIO OF GUARDS flinch with every act of violence. Danica is
    strong.  Clearly, no one wants to get in her way.


                        DANICA
                I should've ripped his ripped his
                bleeding heart out when I had the chance!
                    (pointing at Asher)
                And don't you dare tell me "I told you
                so"!


    Asher raises his hands as if to say "no harm, no foul". 
    Danica continues her tantrum, SMASHING a statue apart,
    SHATTERING a heavy glass tabletop.  Finally, she gives it a
    rest, collapsing into a chair, shoulders sagging.


                        ASHER
                You through remodeling?


                        DANICA
                Blow me.


                        ASHER
                Face it, Dan.  We got caught with our
                pants down.  We underestimated the
                Nightstalkers.


                        GRIMWOOD
                Pants down?!  They practically fucking
                ass-raped us!


    Grimwood GRUNTS in pain as the arrow is removed.  Asher
    broaches a more serious subject.


                        ASHER
                Has he been told yet?


                        VOICE (O.S.)
                About your failure?


    A MAN (30s) enters the room.  The same being we glimpsed in
    the vault.  He has a haunting gaze and a commanding presence.
    We will learn who he is momentarily.  But for now, it's enough
    to know that everyone in the room pays him deference.


                        MAN
                Yes, I've been told.


    He places a hand on Danica's shoulder.  She tenses.


                        MAN
                Perhaps it's time I entered the fray.


                                                            CUT TO:


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT


    CLOSE ON King buttoning his collar back up.  Blade, Abigail,
    and Sommerfield are gathered around him.


                        KING
                You know the kind of woman that just
                screams trouble? You see her and every
                warning bell in your brain starts going
                off but you still ask for her number? 
                Well that's all I ever hook up with.  But
                this betty blew 'em all away in the
                shitstorm sweepstakes.


    King reaches out to a keyboard, calling up a piece of
    surveillance footage on a nearby monitor.  The footage
    features Asher and Danica and Grimwood.  It's been slowed to a
    near standstill and now advances frame by frame.


                        KING
                Her name's Danica Talos.  You met her
                earlier.  The man on her left is Asher,
                her brother.


    King types a command.  The image ZOOMS IN, tracking Grimwood.


                        KING
                The neanderthal behind them is Jarko
                Grimwood.


    King freezes the footage on Danica's grainy, pixelated face.


                        KING
                I picked Danica up in a bar, had a one
                night stand with her -- then spent the
                next five years playing step-and-fetch-it
                as her little vampire cabana boy.
                    (beat)
                Eventually Abigail found me.  Sommerfield
                here managed to treat me with a cure.  Now
                I kill them.
                    (beat)
                That's called turning a frown upside
                down.


                        ABIGAIL
                We need to pool our resources, Blade.


                        BLADE
                Why?


                        ABIGAIL
                Because He's come back.


    King tosses a TOMB OF DRACULA comic book over to Blade.  Blade
    glances at the cover, then looks at them, incredulous.


                        BLADE
                You gotta be kidding me.


                        KING
                He's real, Blade.  Dig beneath all the
                movies and myths.  All the layers of
                bullshit that've cluttered our culture for
                the last five hundred years and eventually
                you'll strike the truth.


                        BLADE
                    (incredulous)
                So the movies are true?


                        KING
                    (shaking his head)
                The movies are just a comforting
                fairytale compared to the real deal. 
                There's no happy ending with this guy. 
                Peter Cushing isn't going to run in at the
                last second and save the day with a cross
                and some holy water.
                    (re: the comicbook)
                See, good old Brain Stoker, he wrote a
                nice yarn.  But the events he described in
                1897 were only a tiny piece of the mosaic. 
                The rea1 Dracula's origin goes back much
                earlier than that.


                        BLADE
                How early?


                        ABIGAIL
                Try six or seven thousand years.


    Off Blade's astonished look we --


                                                            CUT TO:


    EXT. MESOPOTAMIA - NIGHT


    FLASH!  We see the man we met earlier (DRACULA/DRAKE) on the
    banks of the river Euphrates, striding towards us, engaged in
    fierce battle with UBAIDIAN SOLDIERS.  He's clutching the same
    sword we saw in the ziggurat, clad in the same armor.


                        KING (V.0.)
                Dracula's only one of the names he's gone
                by.  Now they call him Drake.  If you
                believe the legends, he was born in
                ancient Sumeria.


    As Drake SLASHES his sword downward we CUT BACK TO --


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT


    -- King continuing his story. As the hunter's monologue
    progresses we will INTERCUT with Drake's own progression
    through history.  Brief, violent FLASHBACKS.


    (NOTE:  The backgrounds surrounding Drake will be
    expressionistic, digital composites, constantly shifting.  The
    focus of the flashes is Drake himself, fighting a shadowy
    horde, his attire continually evolving through time.)


                        KING
                Nobody really knows the specifics of his
                origin.  But we do know this:  he was the
                first of his kind.  The patriarch of the
                hominus nocturna.


    EXT. EGYPTIAN DESERT - NIGHT


    FLASH!  We are in Egypt now, circa 1650 BC.  Drake wages war
    against the HYKSOS.  He is closer to the camera.  And will
    continue to move closer with each successive flashback.


                        KING (V.0.)
                Every single vampire -- every single
                monster that's walked the earth since then
                -- owes their existence to Him.


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT


    Back to King, holding court before Blade and Abigail.


                        KING
                He's like the Patient Zero of evil.  The
                original Serpent in the Garden of Eden.
                And just like the Great White shark, he's
                never had to evolve.  This guy was born
                perfect.  Scour the history books --


    EXT. THRACE - NIGHT


    FLASH!  The Peloponnesian War, Southern Thrace, circa 405 BC.
    We see Dracula battling ATHENIANS.  Even closer now, his face
    spattered with blood.  At the same time, the SOUNDTRACK is
    gradually swelling, expanding in complexity and volume.


                        KING (V.0.)
                -- read between the lines --


    EXT. HUNGARIA - NIGHT


    FLASH!  5th century AD, battling the GOTHS.  With every swipe
    of his sword, we WIPE FORWARD into the future.


                        KING (V.0.)
                -- you'll find countless references to
                Him.  Always mentioned, never named.


    EXT. EUROPE - NIGHT


    FLASH!  8th century AD, the reign of Charlemagne.  Battling
    the VIKINGS.  The FLASHBACKS come faster now, assaulting us
    with ever-increasing rapidity.


    Drake continues striding forward while the rest of the world
    evolves around him, centuries whizzing by via computer
    generated time-lapse photography.


                        KING (V.0.)
                He's been there --


    EXT. VARIOUS - NIGHT


    FLASH!  12th century AD, the time of the Crusades.  The
    violence intensifies.


                        KING (V.0.)
                -- moving behind the scenes --


    FLASH!  17th century France, the time of Louis the XIV.  The
    pace becomes breathless.


                        KING (V.0.)
                -- cutting a bloody path through the Ages
                until suddenly --


    FLASH!  18th century Russia, the time of Peter the Great.  The
    soundtrack is THUNDEROUS.  Drake has become a bloody blur of
    bestial rage and unfettered horror and --


                        KING (V.0.)
                -- just like that --


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT


    -- King SNAPS his fingers.  We are back in the present.


                        KING
                -- he up and disappeared.  About a century
                ago the trail went cold.  Then we heard a
                rumor.  The vampires were searching for
                him -- trying to find the place where he'd
                retreated.  According to our information,
                they found him in Iraq about six months
                ago.
                    (beat)
                And he was pissed.


    EXT. DOWNTOWN COMMERCIAL DISTRICT - NIGHT


    Grime.  Neon.  Near-silence as the cacophonous soundtrack
    recedes into the background, replaced by the steady drone of
    inner-city TRAFFIC.


    ON DRAKE,


    viewed through a long-lens, clad in modern, casual attire,
    striding in SLOW-MOTION down a PEDESTRIAN-CHOKED sidewalk.


    Slower.  A HEARTBEAT.  The pulse of the people.  And over
    this, intruding, the Doppler effect WAILING of an approaching
    car as it rushes past us in a SCREEN WIPE until we are --


    OUTSIDE A GOTH STORE


    Drake studies a window display.  Halloween merchandise. 
    Costumes and monster masks and -- VAMPIRE NOVELTIES.  We see
    vampire lunchboxes, Dracula plush dolls, plastic fangs, key
    chains.  Even Dracula bobbleheads.


    Drake stands in stark contrast to the mass-marketed caricature
    on display before him.


    INT. GOTH STORE - NIGHT


    Drake enters. The store is crowded with low-end junky goods
    that might appeal to tourists visiting Hollywood Boulevard.


    A pallid, Goth-guy CASHIER sits behind a counter, eating from
    a takeout container.  He's wafer thin, with a detached
    attitude.  A snot.  Further back is a sultry GOTH VIXEN.


    Behind them, on a TV, a cartoon is playing. An animated
    vampire cavorts -- "LITTLE BIT" (like the Hot Stuff devil from
    Ritchie Rich comicbooks)


                        DRAKE
                In the window -- you sell vampire
                merchandise?


    Goth Guy looks up, wiping his mouth with a napkin.  Doesn't
    want to engage with Drake at all.


                        GOTH GUY
                Uh, yeah -- look around, we might have a
                few things.


    He and the Goth Vixen have a snicker at Drake's expense.  Then
    she tries to be a little more helpful.


                        GOTH VIXEN
                We've got Dracula lunchboxes.  Did you
                see those?  And there're bobbleheads, Pez
                dispensers.  We've got just about
                anything --
                    (selecting a vampire-
                    shaped vibrator, playful)
                -- even vampire vibrators.


    As Drake looks around, what he sees matches his ascending
    rage.  Costumes, candles, vampire Christmas ornaments. 
    Posters from different films -- Nosferatu, Lugosi, Lee -- then
    Love at First Bite and The Little Vampire.


                        GOTH VIXEN
                Here, check this out --


    She reaches into a case, pulling out a soft-drink.  The label
    reads: "DRA-COLA" and has a stylized vampire on it.


                        GOTH VIXEN
                "Dracola".  Makes you want to cry,
                doesn't it?


    Drake just stares at the can.  His mind seems to have
    retreated elsewhere.  Back through the ages.


                        GOTH VIXEN
                Was there something special you needed?


    Drake doesn't respond.  A kind of melancholy has settled over
    him.  He's an outsider now.  The world has moved on.


                        GOTH-GUY
                Hey, guy, she's talking to you.


    Drake looks up as Goth Guy pours a bowl of Count Chocula.


    EXT. GOTH STORE - NIGHT


    CRASH!  Goth Guy comes flying through the display window, his
    trajectory taking his body clear across the street and into
    the display window of the store opposite us.


    INT. GOTH STORE - NIGHT


    Goth Vixen SCREAMS.  Drake LASHES out.  hauling her over the
    counter.  He sinks his teeth into her throat, drinking her
    blood with wild abandon.  He consumes it so quickly that his
    skin flushes BRIGHT RED.


    Then Drake tears his head away, lifting his face upward as he
    flings the girl aside, unleashing an ear-splitting ROAR.  And
    for a brief moment, the bones of his face seem to shift, once
    again hinting at another shape Drake might take.


    EXT. THE CITY - VARIOUS


    DRAKE's ROAR echoes through the canyons of downtown.


                                                            CUT TO:


    EXT. LUNA PARK - NIGHT/DAY


    Time-lapse.  The sun rises over the decrepit amusement park.


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - ARMORY - DAWN
    Sunlight slices down through skylights, bathing Blade, King,
    Abigail, and Sommerfield in its warmth.  Zoe has joined them. 
    She's still cautious and shy, but she's also curious.


                        BLADE
                Why wake up Drake now?


                        ABIGAIL
                That's what we've been trying to figure
                out.


                        KING
                When I was under the fang there used to be
                talk about some kind of vampire 'Final
                Solution'.  But I could never figure out
                why they'd want to destroy their food
                source.  I mean, seems stupid, right? 
                They've always had plans for the human
                race.  Seems likely that whatever they're
                cooking up, Drake's return is a part of
                it.


    Blade nods, pensive.


                        KING (CONT'D)
                Let's face it, Blade -- we're fighting a
                losing battle. 
                So we kill a few hundred of them a year. 
                Big deal.  There are thousands of them out
                there.  Maybe tens of th'usands.  We need
                a new tactic.


                        BLADE
                Like what?


                        SOMMERFIELD
                A biological weapon.


    Sommerfield moves to her Braille keyboard, types.


    ON A NEARBY MONITOR


    we SEE a real-time magnified view of a virus replicating.


                        SOMMERFIELD (CONT' D)
                For the last year I've been~working with
                synthesized DNA in order to create an
                artificial virus targeted specifically at
                vampires.  We're calling it DayStar.


                        KING
                Think about it, Blade.  We could wipe
                them all out in a single move.


                        BLADE
                So what's been holding you back?


                        SOMMERFIELD
                    (sighing)
                We've tried it on a number of captive
                subjects.  We've got the disease vector
                worked out fine -- it's easily
                transmittable.  But the lethality in
                vampires is still spotty.


                        ABIGAIL
                Bottom line is, we need a better DNA
                sample to work with.
                    (beat)
                We need Dracula's blood.


                        SOMMERFIELD
                Vampire DNA is a hodge-podge of different
                genes, mixed in with all sorts of useless
                junk DNA.  Because Dracula's the
                progenitor of the vampire race, his DNA is
                still pure.  It hasn't been diluted by a
                hundred generations of selective mutation. 
                It still has all the necessary cellular
                compounds for the virus to code to.  We
                get his blood, we can boost Daystar's
                viral efficacy to a hundred percent.


                        KING
                So.  You want to join our club?  Can we
                sign you up for a Nightstalkers secret
                decoder ring?


                                                            CUT TO:


    EXT. PHOENIX TOWERS - DAY


    Establishing.  The Sun at it's zenith


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - DRAKE'S QUARTERS - DAY


    A darkened room, relatively austere.  The only source of light
    are a series of small, slitted skylights in the ceiling above. 
    From these skylights, narrow, blinding white shafts of
    sunlight knife downward to penetrate the gloom.


    DRAKE


    sits in a chair, his body partially illuminated by one of the
    sunlight shafts, his face turned upward into its brilliance.


    FOOTSTEPS.  Drake opens his eyes, SEES Danica hovering in the
    darkness, just on the edge of a shaft of light.


                        DRAKE
                This world sickens me.  The humans have
                soiled it with their filth.


                        DANICA
                We can raze their cities to the ground.
                We can bring the old world back.


    Drake just stares at her, not convinced.


                        DRAKE
                Come closer.


                        DANICA
                    (re: light)
                I can't.


                        DRAKE
                And do you know why?
                    (off Danica's silence)
                Once, all of my kind could brave the day. 
                We were true predators.  The world was
                ours.  And then, somewhere along the way,
                the purity of our bloodline became
                diluted.  Polluted with human DNA.


                        DANICA
                That's impossible --


                        DRAKE
                Is it?


    Drake stands, drawing close to Danica.  He grips her wrist --


                        DRAKE
                You are bastard children.  No longer as
                pure as you pride yourselves on being.


    -- and pulls her hand towards one of the sunlight shafts.  To
    her credit, Danica keeps staring at Drake.  She'll be damned
    if she will give him the satisfaction of seeing her break.


    Drake pulls her hand closer to the light -- to the very edge. 
    And the tips of Danica's fingers begin to burn.  She winces,
    clearly in agony --


    -- and Drake releases her hand.  She cradles it against her
    chest, blinking away tears that have welled up in her eyes.


                        DRAKE
                My people.  How far you have fallen.


    Drake reaches out, brushes a tear from Danica's cheek, then
    turns and walks away -- through the alternating shafts of
    sunlight and darkness.


                                                            CUT TO:


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - ARMORY - DAY


    Blade, King, and Abigail stand before a table where an
    assortment of weaponry and ammunition has been laid out on
    display.  Hedges is there too, assisting them.  Zoe watches.


                        HEDGES
                We've got a wide assortment of ass-
                kickery for your viewing pleasure --
                    (hefting a pistol)
                Electronic pistol.  Comes with a built-in
                fingerprint security system.  Fires a
                three-shot burst in 1/500th of a second.
                Bullets can also be triggered remotely.


    King tosses Blade a bullet.  He studies it -- it's more
    complex than a standard round.


                        BLADE
                Explosive rounds?


                        KING
                But with a concentrated burst of UV light
                instead of your standard hollow-points.  I
                call 'em sun dogs.
                    (to Hedges)
                Hedges -- super-size me, baby!


    Hedges tosses King one of the four-barreled firearms.  On the
    stock is an irreverent decal of the mud-flap girl silhouette.


                        KING
                This little mamacita -- a modified
                version of the Army's Objective
                Individual Combat Weapon.  Pick your
                poison -- stakes, sun dogs, heat-seeking
                mini-rockets.  Whatever gets you hard,
                this puppy will pump out.
                    (gesturing to Blade's
                    sword, sarcastic)
                Of course it doesn't have the range of a
                sword but --


    Next, Hedges shows Blade the CRESCENT-SHAPED DEVICE that
    Abigail used.  He gives the device a twist and --


                        HEDGES
                We call this the UV arc --


    CHINKT!  The device extends from either end, telescoping
    outward.  Connecting the tips is a concentrated UV LASER.


                        HEDGES
                You hold the arc in the center, curved
                away from you.  Connecting the tips is a
                powerful UV laser beam.  Because of its
                high focus, the laser cuts through vampire
                flesh like a knife through butter.


                        KING
                We're still trying to sort out fact from
                fiction when it comes to Dracula.  Turning
                into mist?  Kinda doubt it.  But general
                shape-shifting?  Maybe.


                        HEDGES
                    (off Blade's look)
                Not into a bat or a wolf or anything like
                that.  But another human, someone with the
                same approximate body mass -- given enough
                practice it might be possible.


                        BLADE
                How?


                        HEDGES
                He wouldn't have a traditional skeletal
                structure.  Probably something more like a
                snake, with thousands of tiny bones in the
                place of a normal array.  Commensurate
                with this would be an exquisite control of
                electrical potential across his tissues,
                resulting in an ability to effectively
                change shape at will --


                        KING
                    (raising his hand)
                Question.  Have you ever been laid,
                Hedges?


    CUT TO:


    INT. WAREHOUSE/GARAGE - DAY


    Blade, King, and Abigail, newly suited up for war, moving
    towards the Land Cruiser.


                        BLADE
                Time to apply some pressure.  The weak
                link in the vampire chain of command has
                always been their familiars.  Vampires
                can't go out in the day, so they get
                humans to do their dirty work for them
                Blood-running, safe house maintenance,
                whatever --
                    (climbing in the Cruiser)
                We bleed the wanna-be vampires, they'll
                lead us to the real thing.


    Blade starts the ENGINE.


    INT. LAND CRUISER - DAY


    Blade looks to Abigail, who sits in the back.  She has a
    laptop on her knees and is assembling an MP3 playlist.


                        KING
                She's making playlists.  Likes to listen
                to MP3s when she hunts.  Her own internal
                soundtrack, you know?  Dark-core, trip
                hop, whatever kids these days are
                listening to.  Me?   I'm more of a Kenny G
                fan.


    Finished, Abigail slips her earbuds into her ears, turns on
    her portable MP3 player.  MUSIC CUE.  The smoking bassline of
    Jurassic 5's 'A Day At The Races' kicks in as --


    EXT. CITY STREETS - VARIOUS - DAY


    -- Blade, King, and Abigail cruise the streets in a jagged
    fast-forward montage.


    EXT. SEEDY BAR - DAY


    The Land Cruiser jumps the curb, SCREECHING to a stop in front
    of a scuzzy bar.  Amidst a wall covered with graffiti and
    flyers we see a vampire glyph.


    INT. SEEDY BAR - DAY


    BANG!  Blade KICKS open the door.  A couple of LOW-LIFES take
    notice.  Blade moves around the bar, opening a refrigerator -
    we see packs of REFRIGERATED BLOOD inside.


    One of the low-lifes takes off running, back past the
    bathroom, shouldering a door at the rear --


    EXT. SEEDY BAR - REAR ENTRANCE - DAY


    --	STUMBLING right into Abigail's arms.  She trips him up,
    swinging him around, pinning an arm behind him.  She pulls the
    back of his collar down, sees a VAMPIRE GLYPH --


    We can't hear what the familiar is saying, but he's squealing,
    raising his hands in a "please don't hit me anymore" manner.


    EXT. CITY STREETS - VARIOUS - DAY


    The Land Cruiser rockets down the streets.


    EXT. VAMPIRE SAFE HOUSES - VARIOUS - DAY


    In quick succession we see a half-dozen underworld dives --


    -- a pool hall --


    -- an internet cafe --


    -- an electronics repair shop --


    All are fronts for vampire operations, featuring back rooms
    with refrigerated blood and high-tech coffin-like beds where
    the vampires can safely sleep through the day unmolested.


    In each new location, Blade, King, and Abigail resort to
    oldfashioned strong-arm tactics:


    -- Blade HEAD-BUTTS a familiar.


    -- King PUNCHES a familiar across the jaw.


    -- Abigail KICKS a familiar in the stomach.


    Cut to a flurry of EXTREME CLOSE-UPS of VAMPIRE GLYPHS being
    exposed on the backs of familiar's necks, one after another --


    THEN A MONTAGE OF FACES


    as familiars have their heads cainfully SMASHED against --


    -- walls --


    -- car hoods --


    -- pool tables --


    -- into windows and doors and garbage cans.


    The bullying moves come faster, the shots becoming more and


    more abstract until --


    EXT. CITY ROOFTOP - DAY


    -- WHAM!  Blade tosses HOOP, a skinny familiar, off a roof. 
    It's a four story drop.  Hoop falls, SCREAMING -- but then
    jerks to a stop about twenty feet down, dangling upside down.


    We see now that Hoop has rope tied around one of Hoop's
    ankles.  And Blade is clutching the other end of the rope.


    Blade hauls Hoop back up -- but still keeps him dangling
    upside down.  King and Abigail look on.


                        BLADE
                Want another spin, ass-hole?  Eventually,
                your head's gonna pop off.


                        HOOP
                Shit!  Oh Jesus, please, please --


                        BLADE
                Who's your handler?


                        HOOP
                I don't know his name, I swear I --


    Blade prepares to drop Hoop again --


    -- but a CELL PHONE in Hoop's jacket RINGS.  Blade fishes it
    out.  The screen reads:  EDGAR VANCE, 555-5631.


    EXT. CITY STREET - DAY


    Dr. Vance, the psychiatrist who gave Blade the mental
    evaluation, is cruising in his Pacific Blue XKB convertible
    Jaguar.  He's wearing sunglasses, talking on his cell phone.


                        VANCE
                This is Dr. Vance.  Did someone page me?


    EXT.  CITY ROOFTOP - DAY


    Blade ends the call, then looks to Hoop, smiling cruelly.


    Blade lets Hoop drop.  The familiar PLUNGES four stories,
    SCREAMING.  Lands dead-center in a Goodwill box below.


                                                            CUT TO:


    EXT. VANCE INSTITUTE FOR WHOLE BEING - DAY


    A high-tech office complex surrounded by meticulously-groomed
    grounds.  A sign with a swanky "VANCE INSTITUTE" logo zooms.


    Blade, King, and Abigail approach, taking note of Vance's
    Jaguar (complete with vanity plate), parked in front.


                        KING
                Hey, Blade -- why didn't the vampire bite
                Mick Jagger?
                    (off Blade's look)
                Cause you can't get blood from a Stone.


    As Blade walks off --


                        KING (CONT'D)
                Hey, they can't all be gems!


    INT. VANCE INSTITUTE FOR WHOLE BEING - LOBBY - DAY


    The trio enter, drawing stares from a number of PATIENTS
    gathered in a reception area.  Nearby is a large display with
    Vance's grinning face.  Beneath it, text reads:


                            EDGAR VANCE, M.D.


                PRESIDENT, VANCE INSTITUTE FOR WHOLE BEING


    Nearby is a bank of monitors showing a snazzy video featuring
    a BEAUTIFUL YOUNG COUPLE marvelling at a sunrise.


                        NARRATOR
                    (on monitors)
                Regain control of your life.   Wake to a
                new dawn.  At the Vance Institute for
                Whole Being we believe in an integrated
                approach to human health.


    The image cuts to Vance himself, poised on the edge of his
    desk, smiling.  As Blade and company move through the
    institute, the video plays counterpoint to their progress.


                        VANCE
                I'm Dr. Vance.  Welcome to our facility.
                As a member of the medical profession I
                want to assure you that I will do
                everything in my power ro provide you with
                the care and compassion that you deserve.


    Past the RECEPTION DESK are the elevators with more monitors
    showing the video greeting.  As Blade, King, and Abigail
    approach, TWO SECURITY GUARDS move to intercept them.


                        SECURITY GUARD
                Excuse me, can I help y--


    CRACK!  Blade effortlessly tosses the guards aside, sending
    them CRASHING into the nearest monitors.


    INT. VANCE INSTITUTE - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS


    The trio continue.  A DOCTOR steps out of a doorway.  King
    PUNCHES him in the face.  We see another video monitor.


                        VANCE
                What does it mean to be human?  Since the
                dawn of creation our ancestors have asked
                ourselves that question.


    They round the corner --


    INT. VANCE INSTITUTE - SECOND HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS


    -- nearly colliding with TWO MORE SECURITY GUARDS.  Blade
    takes them both out.  There's another video monitor.


                        VANCE
                The modern world today is filled with
                countless challenges.  In every direction
                we look, toxic stressors are impacting
                upon our happiness.  We think we're
                healthy, but the truth is, our immune
                systems are engaged in a life or death
                struggle to maintain our well being.


    INT. VANCE INSTITUTE - OUTER OFFICE - CONTINUOUS


    Blade, King, and Abigail storm in.  An EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT is
    moving to stop them.


                        EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT
                I'm sorry but you can't --


    Abigail KICKS out the man's knee, then slices her hand into
    his windpipe, silencing him.


                        VANCE
                Now, I'd like to take a moment to exolain
                how a series of remarkable new
                breakthroughs can immeasurably improve the
                quality of your life


    Blade aims his shotgun at the door leading to Vance's office.
    He FIRES at the keycard lock, KICKS down the door --


    INT. VANCE INSTITUTE - VANCE'S OFFICE - DAY


    --	startling Dr. Vance himself, who is rising up from behind
    his desk.  Vance is wiping his mouth, not dressed like a
    doctor would normally be.  But we hardly notice this as --


                        VANCE
                What --?


                        BLADE
                Payback, Vance.


    --	Blade aims his shotgun at Vance's head.  Vance just
    smiles, seemingly unconcerned as --


    --	Abigail circles around the other side, getting a view
    behind Vance's desk where --


    VANCE'S BODY


    lies on the floor.  His throat has been ripped out.  And this
    body is dressed like a doctor.


    King puts it together first, reaching for a silver stake even
    as we hear the sound of POPPING CARTILAGE coming from beneath
    the Vance double's flesh --


                        KING
                Jesus, it's him!  It's Drake!


    The Vance double jumps atop the desk and swats the muzzle of
    Blade's shotgun aside, re-directing the BLAST, which SHATTERS
    a glass window.  Then he KICKS Blade in the chest, KNOCKING
    him clear across the office as --


    --	King advances.  The Vance double's face WARPS, the bones
    in his head shifting around.  He reaches for King, SLAMS him
    onto the desk, TWISTS the stake from King's hand and brutally
    SHOVING it into King's rib cage, pinning him to the desk top.


    Then the Vance double whirls around to engage Abigail -- only
    we see that it's Drake now, having taken Vance's shape.


    DRAKE


    BACK-HANDS Abigail across the face, a teeth-jarring blow.


    She spins, falling --


    -- and Drake is moving like a hurricane, LEAPING through the
    window that was shattered by Blade's shotgun blast.


    BLADE


    gives chase.  He looks out the window, SEES Drake landing on
    the ground, some three stories below.


    EXT. VANCE INSTITUTE - REAR ENTRANCE - ALLEY - DAY


    Drake runs with inhuman speed.  He effortlessly scales a chain
    link fence, then BARRELS straight through a wooden barricade,
    sailing over a trash dumpster.  Seconds later, Blade follows,
    catching sight of Drake rushing out into --


    EXT. STREET MARKET - VARIOUS - DAY


    -- a crowded urban market.  What unfolds is a foot-chase at
    super-human velocity.  Vampire and hunter are moving at least
    twenty miles an hour, BATTERING ASIDE various pedestrians,
    SMASHING through and over stalls of merchandise.


    EXT. BUSY STREET - DAY


    Drake emerges onto the sidewalk of a busy street, four lanes
    of rush-hour traffic WHIZZING PAST.


    Abruptly, Drake cuts into the traffic, LEAPING atop the hood
    of an oncoming car.  The car's HORN sounds, brakes SQUEAL.


                        BLADE FOLLOWS,
                jumping onto the hood of another car. More
                HORNS sound.


    In this manner. Drake and Blade race across the flowing
    traffic itself. using the hoods and roofs of the cars like
    moving stepping stones.


    ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE STREET


    Drake mounts the steps of an older apartment building,
    THUNDERS his way through the main entrance --


    INT. OLDER BUILDING - STAIRWELL/CORRIDOR - DAY


    Blade is on Drake like a shadow.  We're internal now, the
    sound of Blade's LABORED BREATH moving to the foreground of
    the soundscape.


    Chaos.  A BARKING DOG darting from a doorway.  Up ahead, an
    OLD MAN has been knocked over.  An insane dash up two flights
    of stairs, then down a corridor, passing MORE TENANTS. 
    Somewhere, a WOMAN SCREAMS.  We hear GLASS BREAKING and --


                        WOMAN
                My baby


    -- there's another open door --


    INT. OLDER BUILDING - APARTMENT - DAY


    -- Blade tears into an apartment, passing a HYSTERICAL WOMAN,
    an upended crib.  He SEES a broken window by a fire escape --


    EXT. OLDER BUILDING - FIRE ESCAPE - DAY


    Cut onto the fire escape.  A glimpse of Drake overhead.


    Blade clambers up the fire escape, moving in a near-blur.  One
    story of steps up the rickety metal ladder --


    SMASH!  A LARGE PLANTER comes down from above, nearly striking
    Blade.  He lets go with one hand, swings outward --


    -- then he's climbing again.  A CLOUD OF PIGEONS take wing,
    flapping frenetically about him, momentarily blinding him.


    Another story, a third, a fourth.  As he reaches the top,
    Blade jumps, catching the edge of the roof above him --


    EXT. OLDER BUILDING - ROOFTOP - DAY


    -- FLIPPING himself over and onto the roof.  He lands in a cat
    stance, drawing his sword, quickly scanning the area.


                        DRAKE (O.S.)
                So you're the hunter they all fear.


    Blade spins --


    DRAKE


    stands on the ledge of the roof, cradling an INFANT in his
    arms.  In the full glare of the afternoon sun.


                        DRAKE
                    (re: infant)
                Just so we understand each other,
                Daywalker.


    With his free hand, he massages his jaw.  We hear a few more
    Pieces of POPPING CARTKAGE as the very last of Drake's
    cermanent features seem to settee into clace.


                        BLADE
                Why did you kill Vance?


                        DRAKE
                He'd outlived his purpose.  He'd become a
                liabi1ity.


    Drake nods at Blade's sword --


                        DRAKE
                Your sword -- I've seen that hilt before. 
                Eight or nine centuries ago.  The hunter
                who carried it was an accomplished
                fighter.


    EXT. SEASIDE CLIFF - DAY (THE PAST)


    Drake in his armor, head to head with a 14th century VAMPIRE
    HUNTER.  The hunter has BLADE'S SWORD.  Drake tears the sword
    from the hunter's grasp, turns it around, thrusts it back
    through the man's chest.  And as the man GASPS we are --


    EXT. OLDER BUILDING - ROOFTOP - DAY (THE PRESENT)


    -- back to here and now.


                        DRAKE
                He was honorable, in his own way.  He
                died a good death.


                        BLADE
                I wouldn't know about that.


                        DRAKE
                You lie.  You're part of a grand
                tradition, Blade.  You hunters have
                plagued my people since the day we first
                walked the earth.  And I have vanquished
                them.  One by one.


    Blade pauses, looking for some kind of opening.


                        BLADE
                How can you exist in the daylight?


                        DRAKE
                I've always been able to.  Haven't you
                read Mr. Stoker's fable?  I was the first
                of the vampires.  I am unique.


                        BLADE
                    (realizing)
                That's why they brought you back.


                        DRAKE
                Yes.  My children seek to isolate the
                properties in my blood that make me immune
                to sunlight.  Through me, they believe
                they can all become Daywalkers.


    Drake glances down at the street people.  Throngs of PEOPLE
    are massing there, pointing up at him.


                        DRAKE
                The world's changed much since I went to
                sleep.  How crowded it's become.  Look at
                them down there.  Lives brief as
                fireflies.  Do you think they can ever
                grasp what it means to be immortal like
                us?


                        BLADE
                You're not immortal.  I must've heard a
                hundred of you people make the same claim. 
                And every one of them's seen the end of my
                sword.


    Drake smiles, intrigued by an obviously worthy opponent.


                        DRAKE
                Perhaps I will as well, then.  But I think
                it's more likely that you will fall before
                mine.
                    (beat)
                Catch.


    Drake tosses the infant at Blade.  Blade twists around to
    catch it, scooping it safely up.  But when he looks back --


    -- Drake is gone.


                        KING (O.S.)
                Shit!


    INT. VANCE INSTITUTE - VANCE'S OFFICE - DAY


    CLOSE ON King being propped up against the wall by Abigail.
    Blade has joined them.  King is in terrible pain.


                        KING
                Jesus, it hurts.  I wanna be a vampire
                again -- fuck!  Did you see that guy?!
                We're gonna lose, man.  We're gonna
                fucking lose.


    Abigail ignores King, cuts open his shirt.  She removes a
    small aerosol cannister from her belt.


                        BLADE
                What's that?


                        ABIGAIL
                Fibrin sealant foam, it's an elastic
                protein.  Help me spread the wound open.
                The foam should seal the hemorrhaging in
                his body cavity from within --


    Together they spread the wound apart.  King is really hurting,
    breathing hard as he tries to fight back the pain.


                        KING
                Hey, hey -- what'd the one lesbian
                vampire say to the other?


                        ABIGAIL
                Shut up, King.


                        KING
                -- see you in twenty-eight days --


    King's voice trails off as he passes out.  Abigail triggers
    the dispenser, spraying a jet of compressed foam into it.  The
    foam condenses, sealing the wound up.


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - DAY


    Blade and Abigail enter the HQ, hauling King between them. 
    Dex and Hedges rush to meet them, relieving them of King.


    Exhausted and covered in blood, Abigail retires to her
    quarters, stripping off her clothes.


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS' HEADQUARTERS - SHOWERS - DAY


    Abigail stands beneath (he showerhead, turning her face up
    into the scalding spray, rinsing the blood from her body.


    CLOSE ON the drain by her feet, BLOOD swirling down it.  


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - INFIRMARY - DAY


    King drowses on a cot.  His shirt is off and his chest has
    been bandaged.  He opens his eyes, SEES Blade above him.


                        KING
                Hey, Blade -- say we're successful.  Say
                we wipe the vampires out.  What happens
                then?  You ever ask yourself that?
                    (weakly)
                Somehow I don't picture you parked on a
                porch with a jigsaw puzzle.


    King drifts back into unconsciousness again, leaving Blade
    left to ponder his words.


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - LABORATORY AREA - DAY


    Later, Sommerfield and Hedges consult with Blade and Abigail.


                        HEDGES
                So basically we're in an arms race.
                They're using Drake's DNA to build
                themselves a better vampire --


                        BLADE
                    (noddin)
                -- and we need his blood to kill them.
                    (to Sommerfield)
                How's this weapon of yours coming along?


                        SODDERFIELD
                We're almost there --


    She gestures to a series of ampule-like prototypes.  (We'll
    see the completed version of this device later on.)


                        SOMMERFIELD
                The virus is harmless to humans.  So we
                decided to go after the vampires' food
                source.  The one thing we know for sure
                about vampires is that they have to drink
                blood. 
                If we manage to pull this off, we'll be
                able to contaminate every blood source on
                the planet.  They won't have anyone left
                to feed on.


                        ABIGAIL
                Doesn't do us any good if we don't have
                time to finish it.  We can't just sit
                here.  We need to take the battle to them.


    Sommerfield lowers her head, thinking.


                        SOMMERFIELD
                If the vampires are trying to isolate the
                hereditary factor in Drake that makes him
                immune to sunlight, they'll require
                certain kinds of laboratory equipment and
                provisions.  For instance, there's an
                enzyme called Taq Polymerase.  And there
                are only a limited number of suppliers.
                    (beat)
                Give me a few hours.  I'll see if I can't
                hunt us up some leads.


                                                            CUT TO:


    EXT. PHOENIX TOWERS - PENTHOUSE - NIGHT


    Moving towards the mirrored windows we hear LABORED BREATHING.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - DRAKE'S QUARTERS - NIGHT


    CLOSE ON hands clasped together -- a man and a woman's.


    CLOSE ON Danica' s face, covered in sweat, in the throes of
    passion.  She looks up, eyes glazed --


    PULL BACK to reveal Drake, propped above her, thrusting away.
    Danica has her limbs wrapped around Drake, holding on for dear
    life.  Both are awash in moonlight.


    The two of them climax.  Drake withdraws, studying Danica. 
    She's naked but for the tiny silver crucifix she wears around
    her neck.  Drake nudges the crucifix with his finger.


                        DRAKE
                Why do you wear that -- symbol?


                        DANICA
                    (defensive)
                Old habits --


    She sits up, draping a sheet over her.


                        DANICA
                I was a good Catholic school girl	Once.


    Drake nods, his thoughts distant.


                        DRAKE
                I was there when they crucified him.  He
                died -- for their sins, not mine.


                        DANICA
                    (playful1y)
                And what are your sins?  Would you care
                to confess them?


                        DRAKE
                    (shaking his head)
                Too numerous to remember.
                    (nodding at the crucifix)
                Take it off.


                        DANICA
                Why?


                        DRAKE
                I'll make you a better one.


    Drake draws her in, biting her gently on the neck, sinking his
    fangs into her flesh.  He pulls his head back.  Two rivulets
    of BLOOD trickle from the fresh wounds.


                        DRAKE
                There's an old saying --


    Drake reaches for the sheet, pulling it away from Danica's
    chest.  Then he dips his fingertips into her flowing blood -
    PAINTING a long streak of it down between her breasts.


                        DRAKE
                Kill one man, you're a murderer. Kill a
                million, a king.
                    (smiling)
                Kill them all, a God.


                                                            CUT TO:


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - STORAGE AREA - NIGHT


    CLOSE ON a pneumatic injector.  PULL BACK to reveal Blade
    injecting himself with his serum.  No pain.  No violent spasms
    like before.  Blade's body now accepts the serum.


    ANGLE ON ZOE,


    crouched on an old piece of carny equipment, watching him.


                        ZOE
                Why do you do that?


                        BLADE
                There's something bad inside of me.  This
                keeps it from getting out.


    Zee considers this.


                        ZOE
                Why can't you just be nice?



                        BLADE
                Good question.


                        SOMMERFIELD (0.S.)
                I think I've got a lead.


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - LABORATORY AREA - NGHT


    Sommerfield stands at her computers, reading a tactile Braille
    display.  Blade and Abigail are nearby.


                        SOMMERFIELD
                Biomedica Enterprises.  They've been
                buying up all sorts of supplies -- Taq
                polymerase, bone marrow growth supplement,
                genetic sequencing enzymes.


                        BLADE
                We'll check it out.


                                                            CUT TO:


    EXT. BIOMEDICA ENTERPRISES - NIGHT


    A high-tech research park.


    INT. BIOMEDICA ENTERPRISES - LAB - NIGHT


    Hendrix, the vampire doctor we saw earlier, sits at a computer
    workstation.  Chief Vreede confers with him.  We hear a KNOCK
    at the door.  Hendrix looks to Vreede.  They obviously weren't
    expecting anyone.


    Hendrix moves to the door, checking a surveillance monitor. 
    He can't see anyone outside.  He shrugs, turns to leave and --


    CRUNCH!  The door is SMASHED inward, taking much of the door
    frame with it, flattening Hendrix.


    Blade and Abigail step inside.  As Blade hauls Hendrix up from
    the ground, Abigail points her already drawn gun at --


    CHIEF VREEDE


    He was reaching into his jacket for his own piece, now thinks
    better of it.


                        BLADE
                Doing a little moonlighting, Chief?


    Blade nods to Abigail.  She reaches onto Vreede's jacket to
    disarm him.  Blade grips Hendrix by the shirt collar.


                        BLADE
                C'mere.  We need to talk.


    Blade PUNCHES Hendrix in the face.  Hendrix sags for a moment,
    stunned.


                        BLADE
                Now spill it, bite-boy.


                        HENDRIX
                    (wiping a bloody nose)
                You know what we're doing.  Drake has come
                back to us.  Soon we'll all be Daywalkers.
                And when that day comes, the world will
                truly be ours.


    Blade nods towards the back of the lab where another door -- a
    very secure one -- is located.


                        BLADE
                What's back there?


    Hendrix shoots a quick look to Vreede.  Then he turns on
    Blade, all fangs and claws, trying to tear Blade's eyes out --


    Abigail FIRES her UV gun with blinding speed and --


    -- Hendrix is dead before he knows it.  ASHING all over Blade.


    Blade brushes Hendrix' s remains from coat collar, shoots
    Abigail a look:  "Did you really have to do that?"


                        BLADE
                    (dryly)
                Thanks.


    Abigail cringes.  Mea culpa.


    Blade looks to the floor.  Aside from some cinders, all that
    remains of Hendrix are his glasses and a singed keycard. 
    Blade picks up the keycard, looks to Vreede.


                        BLADE
                What's behind Door Number One?


                        VREEDE
                They'll kill me --


                        BLADE
                    (an evil grin)
                So will I.  But I'll enjoy it more.


    Vreede nods.  They move towards the door.  Blade slides the
    security card.  An inset light changes from RED to GREEN. 
    Vreede punches in a numeric code.  The doors slide open --


    INT. BLOOD FARMING FACILITY - MAIN ROOM - NIGHT


    Blade, Abigail, and Vreede emerge into a cavernous room.


                        ABIGAIL
                God in Heaven --


    HUNDREDS OF HUMAN CADAVERS


    hang from gantries, preserved in fluid-filled pods, suspended
    by wires like nightmarish marionettes.  The bodies are hooked
    up to an elaborate system of biosensor feeds and IVs which are
    designed to replenish vital nutrients.


                        BLADE
                What was this place?


    Vreede pauses before answering, looking uncomfortable.


                        VREEDE
                It's a blood farming facility.
                    (elaborating)
                They decided that hunting humans on a
                piece-meal basis was too inefficient. 
                Why kill your prey when you can keep them
                alive?  Productive.  Under optimal
                conditions a donor can generate anywhere
                from fifty to a hundred pints of blood a
                year.


                        ABIGAIL
                    (sickened)
                But where did you get all these people?


                        VREEDE
                The streets.  In any given year you've got
                two to three million homeless people
                wandering around America --
                    (shrugging)
                No one cares about them.  We're doing the
                country a service, really.


    Blade shakes his head, admiring the horrible efficiency.


                        BLADE
                The vampire Final Solution.


    Abigail moves towards one of the pods, touching her hand to
    the glass, studyihg the comatose person within.


                        ABIGAIL
                Are they aware?  Do they feel anything?


                        VREEDE
                    (shaking his head)
                They're in a chemical-induced coma.
                They're brain-dead, vegetables.


    Blade angrily SLAMS Vreede's face against one of the pods.


                        BLADE
                Look at this!  Is this the future you
                want?  You think there's a place for you
                in their world?


    Vreede starts crying, blubbering.


                        VREEDE
                We don't have a choice!  They're going to
                win, don't you see that?!  He's come back!
                There's nothing stopping them now!


    Blade pulls Vreede back so they're nose to nose --


                        BLADE
                There's me.


    -- and Blade releases Vreede.


                        BLADE
                Go.  You've got thirty seconds.


    Vreede turns and runs, stumbling towards the door.  Despite
    his promise, Blade lifts his MACH.  Without even looking in
    Vreede's direction, Blade FIRES.  We hear Vreede drop.


    Blade turns to Abigail.  She can hardly contain herself.
    Nearby is a control console.  Blade UNLOADS his MACH pistol
    into it, damaging the interlinked life support systems.


    One by one, the vital signs and EKGs on the pods flat-line,
    their warning tones rising into a collective, PIERCING WAIL.


                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                    (feeling a heavy weight)
                Let's go.


    Blade and Abigail leave, turning the lights out as they go.


                                                            CUT TO:


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - STORAGE AREA - NIGHT


    A basketball hoop has been set up in the back area and Dex and
    Hedges are engaged in a wicked game of one-on-one.


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - LABORATORY AREA - NIGHT


    Scm~erfield works, refining the virus.  Because she is blind,
    she doesn't need light.
    H er computer's voice synthesis program has been activated and
    it's currently reading the various statistics that appear on
    her main monitor.


                        COMPUTER
                CYTOGENETICS AUDIT DATA FROM -- AUGUST
                FIFTEENTH, TWO-THOUSAND AND FOUR.
                    (beat)
                AMNIOTIC FLUIDS -- INPUT DELAY/ZERO.
                ABNORMAL SAMPLES/TWO. BANDING
                QUALITY/SEVEN-POINT-TWO --


    At the same time, Sommerfield is reading aloud to Zoe, who
    sits nearby.  The book is The Emerald City of Oz and it's in
    Braille.  Sommerfield scans with her fingers.


                        SOMMERFIELD
                'The reason most people are bad is because
                they do not try to be good.  Now, the Nome
                King had never tried to be good, so he was
                very bad indeed.  Having decided to
                conquer the Land of Oz and to destroy the
                Emerald City and enslave all its people,
                King Roquat the Red kept planning ways to
                do this dreadful thing, and the more he
                planned the more he believed he would be
                able to accomplish it --'


                        COMPUTER
                CYTOGENETICS AUDIT DATA FROM -- AUGUST
                FIFTEENTH, TWO-THOUSAND AND FOUR.


    ANGLE ON A BANK OF SURVEILLANCE MONITORS


    We see Whistler approaching through the garage.


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT


    The steel door slides open and Whistler enters.


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - INFIRMARY AREA - NIGHT


    King drowses on a cot.  He hears a NOISE, opens his eyes.
    Whistler stands in the doorway.


                        KING
                You get me those Fruit Roll-ups like I
                asked --
                    (surprised)
                Dude.  Aren't you dead?


    Whistler doesn't respond.  King tries to sit up -- but
    Whistler places his hand on King's mouth, shoving him down,
    starting to smother him.  King struggles, confused.


    INT. NGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - STORAGE AREA - NIGHT


    Dex manages to steal the ball from Hedges, makes a shot. 
    Behind them, Whistler enters the makeshift court.


    130     INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - LABORATORY AREA - NIGHT130


    Abruptly, the sounds of the one-on-one game stop.  We hear a
    THUD from the back of the warehouse -- like someone falling.


                        COMPUTER
                BLOODS -- INPUT DELAY/ZERO. ABNORMAL
                SAMPLES/SEVEN. BANDING QUALITY/EIGHT-
                POINT-ONE --


    Sommerfield looks to the storage area.  The silence is
    unnerving.  She turns off her voice-synthesis program.  Then
    closes the book.


                        SOMMERFIELD
                Guys?  You okay --?


    ON THE DOORWAY


    The basketball comes bouncing out.  It rolls, coming to rest
    against a workbench.  There are BLOOD SPATTERS on the ball.


    Sommefrield reaches for her cane.  She TAP-TAPS her way to the
    baLl, feels the blood.  Knows what it is.


                        SOMMERFIELD
                Zoe, go find some place to hide, sweety.


    Zoe hesitates.  Sommerfield senses it and lashes out with her
    cane, BANGING a rack of equipment, startling the girl.


                        SOMMERFIELD
                Damnit, go!  Get out of here, Zoe!


    The girl scurries away.  Sommerfield TAP-TAPS with her cane,
    moving towards the storage area.  She finds a gun cabinet,
    feels around with her hands, locates an electronic pistol.


    INT. NGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - STORAGE AREA - NIGHT


    Sommerfield enters.  Dex and Hedges are sprawled on the floor
    before her, having been slaughtered.  Blood is everywnere. 
    She doesn't see them, of course.  But we do.


    THE CAMERA SHIFTS AROUND,


    revealing Whistler crouched right behind her!


    She's unaware of his presence.  And as we watch, his facial
    features shift.  We hear the sickening sounds of CARTILAGE
    POPPING and we realize that it's Drake, not Whistler.


    With mounting dread, Sommerfield turns towards the sound.  And
    then Drake is upon her, rushing forward with a GROWL.


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - BATHROOM - NIGHT


    As Sommerfield's AGONIZED SCREAMS echo through the warehouse,
    Zoe rushes into the bathroom, looking for a place to hide. She
    considers the lockers, discounts them.  Then settles on --


    A HEATING GRATE


    near the floor.  It's about fourteen inches wide -- just
    barely big enough for her to squeeze into.


    Zoe kneels, prying the grate off.  Inside, a heating duct
    extends four feet before making a ninety-degree turn upward.
    Zoe climbs into the duct feet first, scooting her body
    backwards.  Then she reaches for the grate, securing it back
    on, sealing herself inside.


    INT. HEATING DUCT - NIGHT


    Zoe waits.  It's cramped and claustrophobic inside the duct. 
    She's managed to force herself all the way back to the ninety
    degree turn by curling up into a near fetal position.


    ZOE'S POV (THROUGH GRATE)


    Mostly tile floor and a small portion of the open doorway
    leading to the hallway outside.


    She listens, trying to hear past the sound of her own


    BREATHING which has been magnified because of the ducting.


    The screams from the outer rooms have stopped.  Then --


    ZOE'S POV (THROUGH GRATE)


    A pair of boots appear in the doorway -- Drake.


    Zoe holds her breath.  We HEAR Drake searching the bathroom,
    opening the lockers and bathroom stalls.


                        ZOE'S POV (THROUGH GRATE)
                Drake's boot-clad feet pass by the grate
                again, closer, tn~s time. They pause for
                an interminable moment --


    Zoe shuts her eyes.  She can't stand it.  Finally, we hear
    Drake's FOOTSTEPS receding away.  Relieved, Zoe takes in a
    breath and opens her eyes --


    ZOE'S POV (THROUGH GRATE)


    Drake's face is right there.  pressed up against the other
    side of the grate, staring at her!


    Zoe SCREAMS.  With a ROAR, Drake rips the grate off.  He tries
    to climb inside, but the width of the duct is too narrow to
    accommodate the size of his upper body.


    Instead, he reaches his right arm in, extending his clawed
    hand as far as he possibly can.  Zoe WHIMPERS, trying to
    compress her mass into an even tighter ball --


    ON DRAKE'S HAND,


    having reached the limits of its extension -- his fingertips


    only a few scant inches from Zoe's face.


    Zoe's been allowed a moment's reprieve.  He can't reach her!


    But then we hear the sound of POPPING CARTILAGE.  Of TINY
    BONES shifting beneath Drake's flesh.  Drake's fingers are
    elongating, snake-like Reaching for Zoe's face, rapidly
    closing the space whici1 separates them --


    CUT TO:


    EXT. LUNA PARK/GARAGE - NIGHT


    The real Blade and Abigail are returning.  The sliding garage
    door opens and the Land Cruiser glides inside.


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT


    Blade and Abigail enter.  The place is dark.  They know
    instinctively that somethong is wrong.


    Blade tries a nearby light.  The power is out.  They both draw
    their weapons.  Blade turns on a FLASHLIGHT.  They move onto
    the darkness --


    SHADOWS loom everywhere.  It's like a tornado touched down
    inside.  Equipment lies smashed, tables and chairs have been
    overturned.  Sommerfield's lab area has been destroyed.


                        ABIGAIL
                King --


    Blade and Abigail rush to the infirmary area, but King is gone
    and the place has been trashed.  They move into --


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - STORAGE AREA - NIGHT


    -- the back area.  They find Dex and Hedges on the floor,
    their bodies bled, desecrated.


                        ABIGAIL
                    (realizing)
                Zoe -- where's Zoe?


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - VARIOUS - NIGHT


    With increased urgency, Blade and Abigail search the
    headquarters -- the bathroom, the garage, every nook and
    cranny.  With each moment, Abigail becomes more panicked.


                        ABIGAIL
                Where is she?!


    They can't find her anywhere.


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - SHOWER AREA - NIGHT


    Blade and Abigail enter.  A thin stream of BLOOD snakes its
    way across the shower tiles.  Taey follow it, discovering --


    SOMMERFIELD,


    her body propped up mock-crucifixion style in the showers.  On
    the wall nearby, someone has written a message in blood:


            "IMMORTALITY WILL COME TO SUCH AS ARE FIT FOR IT"


    ON BLADE


    He knows damn well who left him the message.


    As tears streak down Abigail's cheeks, she rushes to
    Sommmerfield's body.  Together, she and Blade get her down.


    Abigail clutches Sommerfield, slowly rocking the body in her
    arms.  Blade puts a hand on her shoulder.


                        BLADE
                Use it.


    Abigail doesn't respond.  Her whole body is shaking.


                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                    (more firmly)
                Use it.


    Abigail raises her head, her eyes filled with hatred.  Blade
    doesn't let up.  He's like a drill instructor, galvanizing her
    with his words.


                        BLADE (CONT'D)
                USE IT!!!


    Abigail lifts her head toward the heavens, letting loose a
    TORTURED SCREAM that erupts from the very pit of her soul.


    CUT TO:


    EXT. PHOENIX TOWERS - NIGHT


    Abigail's SCREAM ECHOES over the moonlit cityscape.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - PENTHOUSE - NIGHT


    CLOSE ON King's bloody face.  A dog is licking it.  King
    stirs, his eyes fluttering open --


    KING'S POV


    The rottweiler we saw earlier is slobbering all over him.


    PULL BACK to reveal King on his knees, shirtless, both wrists
    secured behind him in a high-tech pillory.  King tries to
    twist his head away from the dog.  The rottweiler GROWLS.


                        KING
                Back off, pooch --


    The rottweiler's jaws open, revealing more teeth than any dog
    should probably have.


    Its muzzle splits in two as both sides of the rottweiler
    mandible fold back on either side of its head, disgorging a
    hellish and barbed tongue stalk!  The mutant dog ROARS, ready
    to bite King's face off and --


                        KING
                Jesus Christ!


    -- Grimwood appears from off-screen, LAUGHING, pulling the
    animal back.  We see Danica and Asher now as well.


                        KING
                What the fuck?!  WHAT THE FUCK?!?


                        ASHER
                His name's Beau.  We've been experimenting
                with porting the vampire gene over into
                other species.


    As Asher pets the rottweiler, its muzzle closes back up again. 
    It looks up at him, panting happily, tongue lolling.


                        KING
                You made a goddamn vampire dog?!


                        GRIMWOOD
                Yeah.  Cool, huh?


                        DANICA
                Poor little King.  You look so
                distraught.


    Danica wipes a little blood from the corner of King's mouth. 
    She touches her fingertips to her tongue, tasting his blood.


                        DANICA
                You're tasting a little bland, lover.  Not
                getting enough fatty acids in your diet? 
                Have you tried mackerel?  Lake trout?


                        KING
                How about you take a sugar-frosted fuck
                off the end of my dick?


                        DANICA
                Oh, there'll be time to play doctor later,
                believe me.  But for now, we need to have
                a little talk.
                    (beat)
                Tell us about this bio-weapon you've been
                building.


                        KING
                I can tell you two things.  Diddly.  And
                shit.  And diddly just left the building.


    Grimwood steps forward, throttling King for a moment.


                        GRINWOOD
                Spit it out, you fucking fruitcake!


                        KING
                Okay, here's the deal with the weapon -
                (coughing)
                It's a new flavor crystal formula.  Twice
                the chocolaty-goodness, half the calories.
                Plus, it helps prevent tooth decay --


    Grimwood moves in to choke him again, but Danica intervenes.


                        DANICA
                You're brave, King, I'll give you that.
                But underneath all your swagger --


    She leans closer, caressing his face.


                        DANICA
                -- I know what you really fear.   What
                would hurt you more than anything else.


    King's smile falters for a moment.  Maybe she does know.  She
    rubs her cheek against his.


                        DANICA
                You don't want to go back to being one of
                us --
                    (her lips grazing his)
                -- do you?


    King tries to turn his head away, but Danica grips his chin,
    turning his head back.  He's sweating now.  Worried.


                        DANICA
                I'm going to bite you again, King.  And
                then I'm going to leave you here while you
                turn.  I'm going to watch you, day after
                day, while the Thirst keeps building and
                building.  And then, when you can't stand
                it anymore --


    She nods.  Drake appears, holding Zoe.  She's alive. 
    Terrified.  Held firm in Drake's arms.


                        DANICA
                -- I'm going to bring the little girl
                for you to feed on.  Would you like that,
                King?  Would you enjoy taking her life?


    King shuts his eyes, sickened at the thought.  Danica smiles.


                        DANICA
                Now we're getting somewhere, my pet.


                                                            CUT TO:


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS' HEADQUARTERS - SHOOTING RANGE - NIGHT


    Abigail sits in her workshop area, restringing one of her
    bows.  Nearby is a table with an assortment of equipment -- a
    bow press, vise stand, string jig, bow scales and wrench sets.


    Across the way is a shooting range with a variety of targets
    set up, a wall of netting behind them to catch stray arrows. 
    There's also a chronograph outfitted with a ballistic computer
    to measure arrow speed.


    CLOSE ON Abigail's hands as she works with a quiet precsion,
    re-setting the arrow rest, making minor adjustments to the
    center-shot position and wheel timing, etc.


    BLADE


    appears in the doorway, watching her.


                        BLADE
                You alright?


                        ABIGAIL
                    (brusque)
                I'll be fine.


    Blade nods.  He's going to leave her alone -- but then he
    hesitates, wrestling to say something.


                        BLADE
                Don't let it turn inward.


    Abigail takes a deep breath, pausing in her work.


                        ABIGAIL
                It already has.  Since I can remember
                I've had this knife of sadness in my
                heart.  As long as it stays there, I'm
                strong.  I'm untouchable.  But the moment
                I pull it out --
                    (turning back to him)
                -- I'll die.


    Blade nods.  He understands all too well.  He leaves.


    ON ABIGAIL


    She stands, moving to the shooting range.  She straps on a
    quiver, takes aim at


    A 3-D HUMAN-SHAPED TARGET


    about a hundred feet away.  Just in front of the target is the
    chronograph, which looks like a miniature set of goal posts.


    WHOOSH!  Abigail FIRES an arrow.  It flies through the arms of
    the chronograph, sinking into the targets s chest.  On the
    screen of the ballistic computer, the arrow's speed is clocked
    at 240 feet per second.  We move CLOSER to her now as--


    WHOOSH!  Abicail FIRES again. The speed is 242 fps. CLOSER --


    WHOOSH!  Now the speed is 269 fps. EVEN CLOSER --


    WHOOSH!WHOOSH!WHOOSH!  285 fps.  302 fps.  315 fps!  The arrow
    speed creeps up and up as we move CLOSER AND CLOSER to Abigail
    until we --


    -- PULL BACK.  Abigail has fired every arrow in her quiver. 


    ON THE TARGET


    The arrows have formed a cross in the target's chest.  One
    vertical grouping running up, another horizontal grouping
    bisecting it.


    INT. NIGHTSTALKERS HEADQUARTERS - GARAGE - NIGHT


    Blade stands at the open entrance.  Abigail steps out.  Looks
    like she's made peace with herself for the moment.


                        ARIGAIL
                I'm ready to go.


    HEADLIGHTS appear in the distance.  Another Land Cruiser
    approaches, weaving through the amusement park.  It pulls to a
    stop in front of them.  The driver's side window rolls down.


    A MAN (CAULDER)


    sits behind the wheel.  He raises a hand in greeting.


                        CAULDER
                My name is Caulder.  And I'll be your
                driver this evening.


    INT. CAULDER'S LAND CRUISER - NIGHT


    Caulder's Land Cruiser glides through the streets.


                        BLADE
                Where are you taking us?


                        CAULDER
                Another safehouse.


                        ABIGAIL
                We told you, Blade.  We operate in sleeper
                cells.  When one goes down, a new cell
                activates to pick up the slack.


    EXT. DEEP-SIX AQUARIUM STOCK - NIGHT


    Caulder pulls up in front of a fish supply store.


    INT. DEEP-SIX AQUARIUM STOCK - NIGHT


    Caulder unlocks an accordion security gate, opens the door. 
    He leads Blade and Abigail through the darkened aisles.  There
    are fish tanks on either side, aerators BUBBLING, aquatic
    animals of every kind swimming about.


    IN THE BACK


    is another arsenal/lab area.  This one is smaller than the
    Nightstalkers' main headquarters.  Caulder moves to a
    computer, calls up a file.  A dialogue box for a media player
    opens.  Caulder activates a video file.


                        CAULDER
                Sommerfield left a video message for you.


    ON THE MONITOR


    The video plays.  We see Sommerfield's face on the screen. 
    She looks grave, as if she might have been crying.


                        SOMMERFIELD
                    (on video)
                If you're watching this, I'm already dead.
                If Zoe's still alive, I want you to
                promise you'll take care of her.  I've
                been reading her The Oz books every night. 
                We just started The Emerald City of Oz,
                the one with the Nome King --


    Her voice cracks and she pauses, wiping away a tear.


                        SOMMERFIELD
                I think I've managed to cultivate a
                workable strain of the Daystar virus.  As
                a precaution, I transmitted the genetic
                sequence to Caulder, in case our main
                stock was destroyed.  In order for it to
                achieve maximum lethality, you'll need to
                interfuse it with Drake's blood.  If it
                works, any vampires in the immediate
                vicinity should die almost instantly. 
                After that, it should take only a few
                weeks for the virus to spread throughout
                the rest of the world.


    Zoe hesitates, deciding how to broach the next subject.


                        SOMMERFIELD
                There's one other thing, Blade.  You need
                to know that there's a chance the virus
                could destroy you too.  Because you're a
                hybrid, I'm not sure whether your immune
                system will be able tolerate it.
                    (beat)
                I'm sorry.  We didn't have enough time to
                properly test it.


    The video cuts to STATIC.  Abigail turns off the monitor,
    looking to Blade.  God only knows what he's thinking.


                        CAULDER
                Take a look at the plague arrow.


    Caulder reaches for a refrigerated aluminum case, snapping it
    open.  Inside, resting on a bed of form-fitting foam, is a
    glass ampule that's been fitted into a stake-like contraption. 
    It looks like the head of a high-tech harpoon.


                        CAULDER
                I only had time to fabricate a small batch
                of Daystar.  I outfitted it with a
                compressed gas projectile, so you should
                be able to fire it from one of the
                fourbarrel rifles or a bow.
                    (beat)
                Just make sure the shot counts, cause we
                don't have enough for a second try.


    A SERIES OF DISSOLVES


    Abigail sits before a laptop, creating another custom MP3
    playlist.  We watch as she hi-lights songs with her mouse,
    moves them over to her portable device with a few CLICKS.


    Abigail unhooks her MP3 device, slips her earbud headphones
    into her ears.  The SOUNDS of Fluke's track Atom Bomb fade up,
    gradually shifting from tinny source music to SOUNDTRACK.


    MORE DISSOLVES


    Blade and Abigail suit up, arming themselves.  We SEE:


    Blade loading rounds into his pistols.


    Abigail selecting arrows, checking the range-dials.


    Blade sliding silver stakes into his bandoliers.


    Abigail working with Caulder, affixing the plague capsule to
    one of her arrowheads.


    Blade polishes his sword.  Finished, he sights down the length
    of it, takes a practice swing, then secures it in his back
    scabbard with a flourish.


    EXT. DEEP-SIX AQUARIUM STOCK - BACK ALLEY - NIGHT


    We hear the RUMBLE of two motorcycles.  Blade emerges from the
    alley astride his signature Ducati ST2 crotch-rocket.  Abigail
    appears a moment later on her own customized bike.


    Blade revs his engine.  Then the two bikes take off.


                                                            CUT TO:


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - DRAKE'S QUARTERS - NIGHT


    Drake sits before Zoe, who has been shackled to the wall, his


    right arm encased in one of the armored gauntlets from his
    burial armor.  The rest of the armor has been propped up on a
    stand nearby.


                        DRAKE
                Do you know who I am?


                        ZOE
                You're the Nome King.


    Drake smiles at this.


                        DRAKE
                The Nome King.  I like that.
                    (leaning closer)
                Tell me, child.  Do you want to die?


    Zoe is terrified but tries to remain defiant.


                        ZOE
                I'm not afraid -- I'll go to Heaven.


                        DRAKE
                There is no Heaven.  No God.  No angels.
                No happy ending for good little girls.
                The only thing you have to look forward to
                is nothingness.


    As Drake talks his pupils seem to widen -- until the darkness
    nearly occludes the whites of his eyes.  Zoe stares at him. 
    Can't tear her gaze away.  His eyes are hypnotic.


                        DRAKE
                But what if you could change that?  What
                if you could remain a child forever?


    He reaches out, running a sharp fingernail over her cheek.


                        DRAKE
                What if you could keep this little doll-
                like face of yours until the sun itself
                cooled to a cold, hard rock?
                    (beat)
                Wouldn't you like that?  Wouldn't you
                accept that gift?


    Zoe reaches out, calmly touches Drake's cheek.


                        ZOE
                My friends are coming to kill you.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - PENTHOUSE - NIGHT


    WHACK!  Grimwood PUNCHES King, whose body sags, weakened from
    the beatings he has undergone.  Asher and Danica look on.


                        KING
                -- gonna be sorry you did that --


                        ASHER
                Nobody's coming for you, King.


                        KING
                Sure they are.  Left a trail of digital
                bread crumbs --


                        DANICA
                Excuse me?


                        KING
                One thing you need to know about us
                Nightstalkers.  When you join our club,
                you get this nifty little tracking node
                surgically implanted in your body --


                        GRIMWOOD
                Bullshit.


                        KING
                Scout's honor.  One of us gets lost, the
                others just dial up the satellite and
                presto, instant cavalry.


    Grimwood looks to Asher and Danica, unsure.


                        AS HER
                He's bluffing.


                        DANICA
                    (smiling, playing along)
                Okay, King, where did they put this
                tracking node of yours?


    He motions for her to draw closer, whispering.


                        KING
                It's in my left ass-cheek --


    WHACK!  Danica slaps King's face, making him see stars.


                        KING
                Alright.  alright, it's in my right ass-
                cheek --


    WHACK!  Danica slaps King again, this time knocking his head
    the other way.  He spits out blood --


                        KING
                No, seriously --
                    (gasping)
                -- it's in the meat of my butt, right
                below my Bart Simpson tattoo --


    Danica PUNCHES King's mid-section.  He sucks air.  Despite his
    attempts at humor, he's hurting now.  His body sags --


                        KING
                -- pull down my tighty-whities -- see for
                yourself.


                        DANICA
                ENOUGH!  It's not funny anymore!


    Behind Danica, Grimwood and Asher both COUGH.


    King lifts his bruised face, staring up at Danica through
    blood-shrouded eyes.  For the first time, we get a sense of
    his true hatred for her.


                        KING
                No, it's not, you horse-humping bitch --
                    (wincing as he breathes)
                -- but it will be a few seconds from now.


                        DANICA
                    (coughing)
                And what happens then, lover?


                        KING
                Hammer time.
                    (beat)
                See, that tickle in your throat you're
                feeling right now?


    Danica COUGHS again, blinks repeatedly, as if her eyes were
    irritated.  She rubs them, looks to the others.  They're
    feeling the effects too.  And Grimwood's face is smoking!


                        KING
                That's atomized colloidal silver.


    Danica keys into the RUMBLE of the air-conditioning system and
    a HISSING SOUND beneath that.  She looks up --


                        KING
                It's being pumped into the building's air
                conditioning system.


    ANGLE ON THE HEATING REGISTER ABOVE


    We GO MACRO, shrinking down until we see a CLOUD OF TINY
    SILVER PARTICLES blowing into the room.  The particles are
    dusting the vampires, being unwittingly inhaled by them and --


    WE'RE BACK TO NORMAL


    as the vampires react en mass, suddenly gagging, their throats
    and faces on fire.


                        KING
                Which means that the fat lady should be
                singing right about --


    GRIMWOOD


    has caught the worst of it.  A whole lung-full.  He SHRIEKS as
    He coughs up blue-tinged FLAMES, the flesh on his face
    simultaneously burning away and --


                        KING
                -- NOW


    THE SKYLIGHT ABOVE THEM


    SHATTERS as Blade crashes down.  He lands in a cat-like
    stance, then flips over into a cartwheel, KICKING Grimwood in
    the face.  As Grimwood goes down, Asher and Danica scatter --


    Blade tackles Grimwood, sending both of them over the railing
    into the lower level of the penthouse.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - HALLWAY - NIGHT


    ALARMS are ringing.  Asher and Danica rush down the hall,
    trying not to breathe the silver-contaminated air.  We SEE
    other vampires staggering from doorways, COUGHING, GAGGING.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - DRAKE'S QUARTERS - NIGHT


    Drake hears the ALARMS.  He reaches for his sword, which rests
    in a nearby stand.  As he heads out, he strides past Zoe,
    still chained to the wall.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - PENTHOUSE - NIGHT


    On the lower level, Blade and Grimwood are going at it.


    REINFORCENENTS


    flood in from multiple entry ways.  It's an all-out melee. 
    Blade is seriously overwhelmed, but the sheer number of
    vampires and humans is actually slowing them down.


    Blade takes on a half-dozen of them at once, stunning one of
    the familiars, using him as a human shield, TOSSING him aside
    to trip up another on-rushing pair.


    Then he pauses, instantly calculating the geography of the
    room, the relative positions of the other combatants,
    assessing decorations and furniture as possible weapons.  His
    battle plan ready, Blade engages his enemies once again.


    MEANWHILE, ON THE UPPER LEVEL


    Abigail appears at the lip of the smashed-in skylight.  She
    lowers herself down on a rope, rushes to King's side --


                        ABIGAIL
                You alright?


                        KING
                Nothing a hot tub full of Bactine won't
                fix.


    Abigail hits the release switch on the high-tech pillory and
    the cuffs around his wrists open.  As Abigail helps King out:


                        ABIGAIL
                Zoe --


                        KING
                Drake's got her.


    Abigail nods, handing King her pistol.  Then she's out the
    door.  Seconds later, King follows --


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - HALLWAYS - VARIOUS - NIGHT


    Abigail pauses, slipping her earbuds in, turning on her MP3
    player.  The bumping-strains of Fluke's Absurd track kick in. 
    Abigail uncilps her UV arc, telescopes it outward and --


    -- suddenly it's like we're in a first-person shooter video
    game.  She moves through the corridors with mathematical
    precision, feeling the MUSIC in her bones, slicing through
    every vampire she encounters with deadly efficiency.


    VAMPIRES AND HUMAN FAMILIARS


    are coming out from every doorway.


    Abigail PUNCHES one in the solar plexus, DECAPITATES another,
    finishes off the first.  Then she's moving on, taking down a
    third, fourth, and fifth vampire with her rapid-fire stake
    dispenser.  Throwing stakes with blinding speed.


    After a half-dozen stakes, her dispenser is empty.  Without
    missing a beat, she presses a tab on the dispenser, ejects the
    clip, then reaches to her belt where a back-up is secured and
    slaps it in place.  The mayhem continues.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - PENTHOUSE - LOWER LEVEL - NIGHT


    Blade unsheathes his sword.  He parries two combatants with
    clubs, then whirls around, DEFLECTING a GUNSHOT from a third
    with the flat of his sword.


    Grimwood is furious.  His men are tripping all over
    themselves.  He grabs an antique battle axe that's secured to
    the wall.  He sees an opening, SWINGS at Blade's head --


    -- Blade drops and the axe slices through one of Grimwood's
    own men.


    In an eye-blink, Blade is up again, advancing.  He cuts down
    another familiar, pushes forward, cuts oown a second --


    Now Blade and Grimwood are face to face.  Grimwood swings his
    axe again.  Blade hooks his sword beneath it, FLIPPING it from
    Grimwood's hands.


    Blade sweeps his sword around in a wide arc, CUTTING straight
    through Grimwood's mid-section.  The upper half of Grimwood's
    body topples away --


    -- then he rights himself.  A half-vampire.  He's still alive,
    running forward on his hands, trailing viscera.  He SPRINGS UP
    at Blade, all claws and gnashing teeth.


    Blade catches Grimwood by the throat, whirls him around --


    --  and manages to IMPALE what's left of Grimwood with his
    sword-point.  Grimwood ASHES in Blade's arms.  The only thing
    left are his steel teeth, which CLATTER to the floor at
    Blade's feet.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - DRAKE'S QUARTERS - NIGHT


    Abigail enters, SEES Zoe.  TWO VAMPIRES GUARDS stand nearby. 
    In a flash, Abigail flings TWO SILVER STAKES at them.  Both
    stakes hit their mark and the vamps crumple to ASH.


    Abigail hurries over, SHOOTS apart the lock on Zoe's shackle.
    Zoe wraps her arms around Abigail, hugging her tight.  Abigail
    takes Zoe by the hand, pulling her towards the door.


                        ABIGAIL
                Come on, hon.  Let's get you out of here.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - HALLWAY - NIGHT


    King stumbles out into the hallway, pulling his shirt back on. 
    As he limps down the corridor, a GROWL makes him pause --


    KING'S POV


    Beau, the vampire rottweiler, lopes around the corner.  Then --


    TWO MORE ROTTWEILERS


    emerge behind Beau.  They're all GROWLING now.


                        KING
                    (under his breath)
                Fuck.  Me.  Sideways.


    The three of them break, BARKING like crazy, snouts splitting
    open as their jaws flower apart.


    CUT T0:


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - ATRIUM - UPPER GALLERY - NIGHT


    Blade moves into the upper gallery of a vast atrium.


    DRAKE


    stands before him, waiting, sword in hand.  He extends it,
    touching the tip to the floor.  A challenge.


                        DRAKE
                Are you ready to die, Blade?


                        BLADE
                Been ready since the day I was born,
                mother-fucker.


                        DRAKE
                    (with a smile)
                Then allow me to accommodate you.


    Drake does a back-flip over the balcony.  Forty feet down.


    Blade follows, drawing his sword as he LEAPS --


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - ATRIUM - GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT


    -- and lands.  Now the two warriors face each other, swords
    raised, eyes locked, their stances frozen.  Like classic
    samurai.  Whoever moves first, loses.


    Beat.  MOVING IN on both men, CIRCLING around them.  Slow the
    heart.  Slow the breath.  Find the opening.


    DRAKE


    breaks first, bringing his sword over in less time than it
    takes to blink an eye.  No one could possibly deflect the
    blow.  And yet --


    BLADE


    manages a COUNTER-STROKE with super-human grace.  He advances,
    parries, his sword CLANGING and SINGING like a blacksmith's
    hammer on sheet metal.


    Cut, thrust, block, diagonal downward slashes.  The moves come
    faster.  Drake DUCKS, barely avoiding being decapitated. 
    Blade's sword cuts right through a column instead.


    Drake retaliates.  Blade locks swords with him.  For a moment,
    the two warriors are nose to nose.  Then Blade twists his
    sword free, cutting open Drake's cheek --


    Drake GROWLS, back-flipping up onto a ledge.  He touches his
    fingertips to the cut, tastes his own blood.  Then we hear the
    telltale sounds of CARTILAGE POPPING.  For a brief moment, his
    facial features shift, giving us yet another glimpse of his
    true form.  As his anger increases, Drake begins to devolve.


    He DIVES at Blade, HOWLING, raking his CLAWS at Blade's face. 
    He strikes out, KNOCKING Blade across the atrium.  He SPRINGS
    forward, dragging Blade up by his throat, sinking his fangs
    into Blade's shoulder.  Blide SCREAMS and we --


                                                            CUT TO:


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - HALLWAY - NIGHT


    -- as King runs.  He hazards a look back.  The vampire dogs
    are quickly gaining on him.


    UP AHEAD


    It's a dead-end.  Just plate glass windows and a whole lot of
    nothing beyond.


    The dogs are almost on King when suddenly, King JUMPS,
    snagging an overhead pipe.  As he swings his body upward --


    THE DOGS


    skid on the floor, unable to stop their momentum, and CRASH
    straight through the plate glass window.


    EXT. PHOENIX TOWERS - PENTHOUSE - NIGHT


    An EXPLOSION OF GLASS as two of the vampire rottweilers tumble
    into the night.  They fall like stones -- twenty stories down
    into the traffic-clogged intersection below.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - HALLWAY - NIGHT


    King drops back to the floor, cackling, pleased with himself. 
    It takes him a second to realize that --


    ONE OF THE ROTTWEILERS (BEAU)


    -- didn't take a swan dive out the window.  He's right behind
    King.  And now he's SPRINGING FORWARD --


    WHAM!  King is hit in the chest by the SNARLING beast.  He
    drops the pistol as he's knocked back onto the floor.  The dog
    LUNGES again --


    With one arm, King struggles to keep his face from being bit
    off, while searching blindly for the discarded pistol.  King
    locates it, FIRING into the beast's chest --


    THE ROTTWEILER


    ASHES, disintegrating all over King's face.  King gets a
    mouthful of the charcoal remains, tries to SPIT them out.


                        KING
                    (making a face)
                Bad dog.


                                                            CUT TO:


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - ATRIUM - UPPER GALLERY - NIGHT


    Abigail emerges onto the gallery with Zoe.  She spots an
    alcove, indicates that Zoe should hide.  Then she slips a
    silver stake into Zoe's hand.  Just in case.


    Abigail rushes to the handrail, looking down at Blade and
    Drake.  Her view is obscured.  She can't get a good shot.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - ATRIUM - GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT


    Drake digs his fangs into Blade's shoulder.  Blade struggles,
    manages to slip a stake from his bandolier --


    WHAM!  Blade SLAMS the stake into Drake's ear canal.  The
    beast SHRIEKS in pain, dropping Blade.  But all the gambit has
    done is drive Drake into a berserker rage.


    Drake swings his fist.  Blade ducks.  Drake's fist goes
    through the wall, PUNCTURING a steam pipe.  Steam vents --


    Drake reaches in, RIPS an eight-foot section of the pipe from
    the wall, bringing a SPARKING nest of electrical cables along
    with it.  He swings the pipe section around, WHACKING Blade.


    KRUNCH!  Drake swings the makeshift club again.  He's a one
    man demolition crew, decimating everything in his path.  He's
    SMASHING holes in the floor, the walls, plowing through
    partitions of glass and steel.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - ATRIUM - UPPER GALLERY - NIGHT


    Abigail moves down the gallery, looks up --


    A SERIES OF LIGHTING GANTRIES


    span the length of the atrium ceiling.


    Abigail balances on the handrail, then jumps out into space --


    -- catching hold of one of the crosspieces.  Like an acrobat,
    she monkey-swings her way beneath the gantry.  If she loses
    her grip, she'll fall more than fifty feet.


    BA-BANG!  A bullet strikes just in front of Abigail, showering
    her with SPARKS.  MORE BULLETS follow.


    ANGLE ON PAIR OF VAMPIRES


    FIRING from below, trying to pick her off.  Suddenly, UV
    BULLETS strike each of the vampires.  As they ASH we --


    WHIP-PAN BACK TO KING,


    having dragged his battered body out onto the upper gallery. 
    He's playing guardian angel to Abigail, laying down cover fire
    so she can continue.  But then --


                        DANICA
                KING!!!


    DANICA


    appears behind King.  She TACKLES him, wrestling him to the
    floor, pummeling his face with her fist.


    King tries to ward of f the blows, but he's sorely outmatched.
    He swings his electronic pistol up --


    Danica twists it from his grip, ejecting the clip from the
    stock.  King's sun dog bullets spill out all over the floor. 
    She tosses the gun aside, reaches for King again --


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - LIGHTING GANTRY - NIGHT


    Back to Abigail.  She's breathing heavily, trying to call up
    new reserves of strength.  She glances down --


    Big mistake.


    She forces herself to look back up.  She swings herself
    pendulum-style, manages to snag yet another crosspiece.  A
    SHOT RINGS OUT --


    ANGLE ON ASHER,


    down below, armed with a rifle.  He FIRES again --


    -- grazing Abigail's shoulder with the bullet.  Abigail CRIES
    OUT, nearly losing her grip.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - ATRIUM - UPPER GALLERY - NIGHT


    King rolls on his side, spits out a bloody tooth.


                        KING
                No offense, Danica --
                    (gasping in pain)
                -- but I've wanted to kill you since the
                moment we slept together.


                        DANICA
                I was that bad, huh?


    King reaches a palsied hand for his discarded pistol, points
    it vaguely in Danica's direction.  She LAUGHS.


                        DANICA
                No bullets in your gun, King.


                        KING
                Yeah, but here's the beauty --
                    (wiping his bloody mouth)
                -- these babies can be triggered remotely.


    King pulls the trigger.  The scattered sun dog bullets ERUPT
    with UV LIGHT.  Danica SHRIEKS, trying to shield her already
    burning face from the glare.  She runs, horribly wounded.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - ATRIUM - GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT


    Drake pummels Blade, flinging his body about like a ragdoll. 
    He grabs Blade by his ankle, swings him upwards some thirty
    feet --


    SMASH!  Blade collides with the underside of a massive hanging
    glass chandelier/lighting fixture.


    Blade FALLS back to the ground, stunned, dropping his sword. 
    Drake pounces on him.  Blade can barely fend off Drake's blows
    anymore.  In desperation he digs his fingers into Drake's
    eyes.


    Drake swings both fists downward, Hulk-style, SHATTERING an
    entire section of the limestone flooring.


    A SHOCK-WAVE ripples out from the point of impact, sending
    waves of two-foot stone tiles flipping up into the air,
    knocking Blade off his feet.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - ATRIUM - UPPER GALLERY - NIGHT


    King loads a sun dog into his pistol, steadies his aim on the
    railing, and FIRES at Asher --


    THE SUN DOG


    screams across the atrium, striking dead-center in Asher's
    open mouth.  The bullet EXPLODES.  UV LIGHT causes Asher's
    skull to burn up from the inside out.  His headless corpse
    falls forward over the gallery railing.  Then it too
    carbonizes and BURNS UP.


    Relieved, King sinks to his knees.


    BEHIND KING,


    we SEE Zoe slip from the alcove.  She makes for the stairs.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - LIGHTING GANTRY - NIGHT


    King has bought Abigail more time.  She swings her body
    forward, hooking her legs over the next crosspiece.  Then she
    lets go with her hands.  Now she is hanging upside down,
    secured only by the tension in her calves.


    Abigail reaches behind her, removes her bow.  BLOOD from her
    wounded shoulder drips down over her collar bone, reaching her
    cheek, briefly obscuring her vision.  She wipes it away.  Then
    she reaches back once more and --


    -- because her quiver is pointed downward, a number of arrows
    slide out. Abigail panics, twisting her body --


    -- managing to lust barely snag the ~la~ue arrow as it tumbles
    Past her!


    Beat.  Abigail shuts her eyes, trying to find her center. 
    With her eyes closed, she nocks the arrow and draws the bow
    back.  Then she opens her eyes.


    She's only going to get one shot -- and she's going to have to
    take it while hanging upside down.


    168 a       ABIGAIL'S POV                                      168 a  


    On Drake and Blade below, locked in combat.  She tracks their
    progress, waits for Drake to move into a better position --


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - ATRIUM - GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT


    Drake shoulders a support column, SNAPPING it in two.  An
    entire section of the gallery walkway above comes CRASHING
    DOWN, burying Blade in debris --


    -- but it's not enough for Drake.  He LEAPS forward, fishing
    Blade out, hauling him up --


    Drake head-butts Blade -- once, twice.  Blade's eyes roll to
    whites.  Drake looks down, SEES Blade's discarded sword. 
    Drake scoops it up, STRIKES at Blade --


    Blade manages to roll to the side, avoiding the blow.


    Drake STRIKES again, dealing Blade a glancing blow --


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - LIGHTING GANTRY - NIGHT


    ON ABIGAIL.  Waiting.  More blood has trickled down her neck,
    into her eyes.  But she can't wipe them anymore.  She's
    already got her bow drawn.  She's committed to the shot.


    We can hear ABIGAIL'S HEARTBEAT as she settles.  She takes a
    final breath, holds it -- and lets the plague arrow fly.


    ON THE PLAGUE ARROW


    as it streaks downward, hurtling towards Drake at more than
    300 feet per second.  Then, at the last possible instant	--


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - ATRIUM - GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT


    CHINGG!  Drake deflects the arrow with his sword.  It
    harmlessly falls to the floor, rolling a few yards away.


    ON ABIGAIL,


    stunned, her expression melting into despair.


    BACK TO DRAKE


    swinging Blade's sword around.  PLUNGING it into Blade's side.
    As he pulls it back out again --


    BLADE


    GASPS, sinking downward.  He's on his knees now, in shock.


    Drake ROARS again shifting, conjuring up seventy centuries of
    violence and predation.  And the nightmare shape that was only
    hinted at before, finally takes center-stage.


    BLOOD suffuses Drake's flesh, turning his skin crimson.  His
    canines elongate, his lower jaw distends. 
    Jagged bone spurs erupt all over his body -- like he's growing
    a suit of razor-sharp thorns.  He doesn't need a sword
    anymore.  He's become a living weapon.  Drake is gone.  Now he
    is --


    THE BEAST


    Drake swings the sword overhead.  He's going to decapitate
    Blade.  And just as the sword reaches the top of its arc --


    ZOE


    emerges from the shadows behind Drake, clutching a silver
    stake.  She SHOVES it into Drake's back,  pushing with all the
    strength her little body can muster.


    Drake staggers.  The blow wasn't lethal, but it hurt all the
    same.  He turns on Zoe, enraged, his attention distracted for
    one crucial second --


    ON BLADE,


    summoning the last of his reserves.  He pitches his body
    forward, managing to snag the end of the plague arrow.  And
    before Drake even realizes what is happening --


    WHAM!  Blade sinks the plague arrow deep into Drake's chest. 
    Drake drops the sword, turning back to face Blade --


    Exhausted beyond measure, Blade sags.


    INSIDE DRAKE'S CHEST - MACRO SHOT


    as the arrowhead dispense the bio-weapon.  We SEE the virus
    flooding Drake's internal organs, causing them to blacken as
    his circulatory system carries it throughout his body.


    ON DRAKE'S FACE,


    letting loose an INHUMAN SCREAM, vomiting up a spray of blood
    mist.  His monstrous features begin to melt, reshaping into
    his more familiar face.  At the same time we --


    GO MACR0 ONCE MORE


    Shrinking until we are amidst the spray of blood Drake
    expelled.  We continue shrinking until we are moving with the
    individual molecules of Drake's breath as the plague virions
    latch onto them, causing them to blacken and become necrotic. 
    Moving with the twirling molecules until they are inhaled by --


    DANICA,


    having retreated from her defeat by King.  She clutches her
    throat.  We can see the virus infiltrating her system as tiny
    BLACK THREADS expand across her face.  She sways, falling onto
    the floor.  She reaches a beseeching hand towards King --


    -- then dies, a final still-born curse on her lips.


    MORE VAMPIRES


    are feeling the effects now too.  One by one they drop,
    choking, going into convulsions.  As they writhe on the floor,
    we watch the Daystar virus ravaging their bodies.


    BACK TO BLADE AND DRAKE


    Drake slumps against the wall.  Hero and villain are now
    separated by only a few feet.  Both at death's door.


                        DRAKE
                Well done, hunter.  Well done.


    Blade stares back.  At this point, he's just trying to remain
    conscious.  He's lost a ton of blood.


                        DRAKE 
                You fought with honor --


    Drake shudders, his breathing becoming increasingly shallow.


                        DRAKE
                -- as I knew you would.  The humans are
                coming for you, you know.  In their eyes,
                you and I are the same.
                Allow me one last indulgence, then --
                    (gasping)
                -- a parting gift --


    Drake grows still, his eyes locked on Blade's.


    ABIGAIL AND KING


    rush to Blade's side.  Zoe joins them.  Blade is dying, fading
    fast.  Abigail shakes Blade --


                        ABIGAIL

                Blade!


    Her voice sounds distant and muted, overridden by Blade's own
    HEARTBEAT which is fading up, dominating the soundtrack.


                        ABIGAIL
                BLADE!!!


    Blade's eyes can't focus anymore.  They're clouding over.


                        BLADE'S POV
                We drop away from Abigail and King -- like
                we're falling down


    a dark tunnel.	 Then the world FADES TO WHITE.


    EXT. CITYSCAPE	- DAWN


    FADE IN FROM WHITE.  We see the sky, the burning orb of the
    rising sun.  A trio of FBI helicopters ride out from the dawn,
    swooping down over the stirring city.


                        ABIGAIL (V.0.)
                It didn't take long for the authorities
                to arrive.


    INT. LEAD HELICOPTER - DAWN


    Cumberland sits in the front passenger seat, Hale behind him.


    EXT. PHOENIX TOWERS - PLAZA - DAWN


    As the helicopters touch down in the plaza we see a small
    convoy of POLICE and FBI VEHICLES converging around them.


    Cumberland and Hale are among the first out.  They rush
    towards the Phoenix Towers entrance, guns drawn, DOZENS OF
    AGENTS and OFFICERS behind them.


    INT. PHOENIX TOWERS - ATRIUM - DAWN


    The first rays of sun penetrate through the atrium windows
    setting the scattered vampire corpses ablaze.  Danica, Asher,
    and the others all ignite.


                        ABIGAIL (V.0.)
                When they got there, all of Drake's
                people were dead.


    By the time Cumberland and his men have entered, fanning out
    through the atrium, all they find are a series of corpse
    shaped piles of ash and singe marks.


                        ABIGAIL (V.0.)
                In the weeks that followed, the rest of
                the world's vampires also perished.
                    (beat)
                We'd finally won.


    ON CUMBERLAND,


    surveying the scene, frustrated by what he's found.  Then we
    hear SHOUTS coming from the back of the atrium.


    AT THE BACK OF THE ATRIUM


    they find Blade.  He's dead, slumped against a wall.  There's
    no sign of Drake.  The vampire king is gone.


    INT. FBI MORGUE - DAY


    CLOSE ON Blade's face, his body being wheeled on an autopsy
    gurney.  PULL BACK to reveal that we are in an FBI morgue.
    Cumberland and Hale stand nearby, overseeing everything as --


    A TRIO OF MEDICAL EXAMINERS


    lift Blade's body onto an autopsy table.  They turn on a bank
    of overhead UV lights.  The lead examiner reaches for a
    scalpel.  But as he touches the scalpel to Blade's chest --


                        ABIGAIL (V.0.)
                And Blade?  Cumberland and Hale finally
                got their body --


    BLADE'S FACE


    changes.  We hear a series of POPS and CRACKS as subdermal
    cartilage begins to loosen and shift.  At the same time, the
    skin begins to lighten as melanin is gradually leached away.


                        ABIGAIL (V.0.) (CONT'D)
                -- but it wasn't the one they were banking
                on.


    ON CUMBERLAND AND THE OTHERS


    as they react with varying degrees of shock.


    BACK TO THE BODY


    We realize that it's not Blade lying before them.  It's Drake.
    Somehow, even in death, the vampire king managed to take
    Blade's shape and temporarily retain it.


                        ABIGAIL (V.O.)
                The virus didn't kill Blade.  But the
                authorities very well could have.  So in
                the end, realizing that own his people
                were doomed, Drake decided to give Blade a
                gift.


    (beat)


                        ABIGAIL (CONT Ã”D)
                By taking Blade's shape, he bought Blade
                enough time to escape.  Offering Blade a
                second chance at life - -


                                                        DISSOLVE TO:


    EXT. SEASIDE CLIFF - DAY


    A bright summer day.  Blade stands at the edge of a cliff,
    looking out over a sun-struck ocean.  For the first time since
    we've seen him, he's not wearing armor or sunglasses or
    handguns or rifles.  And were it not for the sword he holds,
    we might even mistake him for an ordinary man.


                        ABIGAIL (V.0.)
                And so Blade took it.


    Blade flings his sword over the cliff, into the ocean below. 


                        ABIGAIL (V.0.)
                We never saw him again.


    UNDERWATER


    We see the sword sinking, reflecting the refracted sunlight
    from above as it twirls end over end.


    BACK TO BLADE


    At peace with himself at last.  After a moment's reflection,
    he turns and walks away.


                        ABIGAIL (V.0.)
                He disappeared completely.
                    (beat)
                But that's what heroes do.  They simply
                fade out.  And in this way --


    A SERIES OF DISSOLVES


    as Blade moves further and further away from us, dwindling
    into the horizon until he disappears entirely.


                        ABIGAIL (V.0.)
                -- they become legends.


                                                    FADE TO BLACK.


    Over darkness we hear the sound of TRAFFIC.


    EXT. THE SLAUGHTERED LAMB - NIGHT


    FADE IN.  We are moving towards a local punk dive wedged into
    a crowded block in the meat packing district.


    A DOORMAN (LUCIUS) stands outside, checking CUSTOMERS' IDs.We
    hear HILLBILLY THRASH MUSIC coming from within.


    ANGLE ON KING AND ABIGAIL


    approaching.  King holds his four-barreled rifle.  Abigail
    peels away, disappearing into an alley as King nears the front
    door.  The doorman recognizes King, knows he's trouble.


                        KING
                Evening Lucius.


                        LUCIUS
                King, what the hell are you doing here?


                        KING
                Just a little sport hunting.


    INT. CLUB CROWBAR - NIGHT


    A BAND belts out a cover of Sam and the Shams' Little Red
    Riding Hood.  The band members look a little lupine.  As King
    weaves his way through the crowd, Lucius hurries alongside.


                        LUCIUS
                Ain't no vampires left, King.  So who do
                you have to hunt?


                        KING
                That's an interesting question, my friend. 
                And I've got a question for you in return.


    INT. CLUB CROWBAR - BACK AREA - NIGHT


    As King pushes his way through to the bathrooms, we hear an
    UNEARTHLY ROAR coming from the men's room.


                        KING
                What do you get when you cross a vampire
                with a werewolf?


    The door to the men's room EXPLODES OPEN.  Abigail comes
    flying out.  She hits the far wall of the hallway, slides to
    th floor.  But she's up in an instant, pulling a knife on --


                        KING
                    (raising his four-barrel)
                A fur coat that sticks to your neck.


    A HILL-BILLY HIPSTER WERE-CREATURE,


    wearing a blood-soaked Stray Cats-style suit.  The ephedrine
    nightmare creature looks at King, opening his elongated snout
    to flash a set of razor-sharp canid teeth.


                        KING
                Don't you know fur is murder?


    As King FIRES point-blank into the were-creature we --


                                                        CUT TO BLACK.
